
***** count = 10 *****
Wrong type	Gama'a	Gama'a	MISC	ORG	More than 960 people have been killed in the armed struggle the Gama'a launched in 1992 to topple President Hosni Mubarak 's government and establish a purist Islamic state in its place

Wrong type	Montreal	Montreal	LOC	ORG	Montreal lost for the ninth time in 14 games .

Wrong type	NationsBank		ORG	O	" I think initially some stocks will trade up on sympathy , but the wild premium NationsBank put on this deal here , I do n't see a lot of other deals being done at this premium , " said Michael Durante , analyst at McDonald & Co .

Wrong type	Los Angeles	Los Angeles	ORG	LOC	Billy Ashley belted a three-run homer for Los Angeles .

Wrong type	Mercantile		ORG	O	Whoever wants a big market position in the Midwest has to come in and grab Mercantile or Commerce . "

Wrong type	Ashes		MISC	O	Australia will defend the Ashes in

Wrong boundary	S. African Afrikaners	S. African	MISC	MISC	S. African Afrikaners still seek own territory .

Wrong type	Reynard Honda	Reynard Honda	ORG	PER	5. Jimmy Vasser ( U.S. ) , Reynard Honda , 54.617

Wrong boundary	Rad	Rad ( B )	ORG	ORG	Zemun 1 Rad ( B ) 0

Wrong type		jeffrey.hodgson@reuters.com	O	PER	-- Jeffrey Hodgson ( 416 ) 941-8105 , e-mail : jeffrey.hodgson@reuters.com

Wrong boundary	Bernardin	Bernardin steadfastly	PER	PER	Bernardin steadfastly denied the charges and the former student later recanted his tale of abuse .

Wrong type	Oscar	Oscar	PER	MISC	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong boundary	1993 BellSouth Classic	BellSouth Classic 	MISC	MISC	He is striving for his fourth career PGA Tour victory and first since the 1993 BellSouth Classic .

Wrong boundary	Oval 	the Oval	LOC	LOC	At the Oval , Surrey captain Chris Lewis , another man dumped by England , continued to silence his critics as he followed his four for 45 on Thursday with 80 not out on Friday in the match against Warwickshire .

Wrong boundary	South China	China 	LOC	LOC	" We have the largest and most efficient port on the South China coast ; we have the best transport and telecommunications infrastructure in the world ; and we are investing in this hardware on an enormous scale , " Tsang said in a speech to Auckland during a visit to New Zealand .

Wrong type	Texas	Texas	LOC	ORG	" It 's not something I 'm going to try to explain , " said Texas manager Johnny Oates about his team winning seven of the 10 meetings from Cleveland this season .

Wrong type	Reynard Honda	Reynard Honda	ORG	PER	10. Gil de Ferran ( Brazil ) , Reynard Honda , 54.774

Wrong type	post-Games		MISC	O	American Dennis Mitchell outclassed Olympic 100 metres champion Donovan Bailey for the third time at a major post-Games meeting in front of the most experienced sprinting crowd in the world on Friday .

Wrong type	Montreal	Montreal	LOC	ORG	Mike Oquist allowed one Montreal hit in the ninth .

Wrong type	Texas	Texas	LOC	ORG	Rodriguez 's 18th homer , off Chad Ogea ( 7-5 ) in the first , gave Texas a 2-0 lead .

Wrong type		Gilts	O	PER	BRITAIN - Gilts struggled off the day 's lows but ended 10/32 down on the day .

Wrong type	pre-Castro		MISC	O	The book , which has been translated into 40 languages , deals with a day in the life of Santiago de Cuba , Puig 's native city , under the pre-Castro government of Fulgencio Batista .

Wrong boundary	1997 FED CUP	FED CUP 	MISC	MISC	TENNIS - DRAW FOR 1997 FED CUP WOMEN 'S TEAM TOURNAMENT .

Wrong type	division		MISC	O	Spanish first division on Saturday :

Wrong boundary + wrong type	British Universities	British	ORG	MISC	English county sides and another against British Universities ,

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	U.N. Ambassador Albright arrives in Chile .

Wrong boundary	Japanese Goverment Bonds	Japanese	MISC	MISC	Japanese Goverment Bonds futures which closed before the output data , lost much of day 's gains as Tokyo stock prices recovered from the day 's low.In after hours trading the September future on LIFFE was trading at 122.53 , up 0.26 from Thursday 's settlement price on the Tokyo Stock Exchange .

Wrong type	Ericsson	Ericsson	ORG	PER	Ericsson said in a statement the order was from the Guangdong Post and Telecommunications Administration ( GPTA ) .

Wrong type	Northern Ireland-born	Northern Ireland-born	MISC	LOC	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong type	Mediterranean	Mediterranean	MISC	LOC	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type	Afrikaner		MISC	O	" We think that the Afrikaner model within this new , multi- ethnic society of South Africa will have to develop experimentally with world thinking in this regard . "

Wrong type		house of representatives	O	ORG	The new constitution calls for a two-chamber parliament with a 110-seat majority-elected house of representatives and a regionally-represented senate with a third of its members named by the president .

Wrong boundary	IAAF Grand Prix Final	IAAF Grand Prix	MISC	MISC	Edwards was quoted as saying : " What type of character do we show by going to the IAAF Grand Prix Final in Milan where there is a lot of money to make but refusing to make the trip to Sarajevo as a humanitarian gesture ? "

Wrong type	division		MISC	O	Summary of game played in the Spanish first division on Saturday : Deportivo Coruna 1 ( Corentine Martins , 22nd minute ) Real Madrid 1 ( Roberto Carlos 79th ) .

Wrong type		Armenian	O	MISC	Azerbaijan has said it is prepared to grant autonomy to Nagorno-Karabakh if Armenian forces pull out , but will not accept Armenia 's demands for the independence of the enclave .

Wrong type	Uzi	Uzi	MISC	LOC	On Tuesday , thieves stole about 40 forearms from a shooting range in southern Belgium , including Kalashnikov , Uzi and Fal automatic weapons .

Wrong type		haltime	O	PER	South Africa beat New Zealand 32-22 ( haltime 16-8 ) in the final test match of their three-test series at Ellis Park on Saturday .

Wrong type	Athetlics		ORG	O	In Oakland , Dave Telgheder scattered seven hits over eight innings and Mark McGwire hit his major-league leading 45th homer and drove in three runs as the Athetlics blanked the Boston Red Sox 7-0 .

Wrong type		pakistan	O	LOC	pakistan

Wrong type		U-21	O	LOC	SOCCER - ROMANIA BEAT LITHUANIA IN U-21 QUALIFIER .

Wrong type	Burj al-Laqlaq Society	Burj al-Laqlaq Society	LOC	ORG	Canada had recently donated $ 30 million to the centre , called the Burj al-Laqlaq Society .

Wrong type		IPO	O	ORG	IPO FILING -- Homegate Hospitality Inc .

Wrong type	ALL BLACK		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - SPRINGBOKS FINALLY BREAK ALL BLACK SPELL .

Wrong type	United Nations-sponsored	United Nations-sponsored	MISC	ORG	Tens of thousands of people have been killed and many more have been displaced in the fighting , which breached a shaky United Nations-sponsored ceasefire .

Wrong type	Municipal Police		ORG	O	" These are powerful weapons , " a spokesman with the Municipal Police told Reuters by telephone , adding that police had not ruled out a possible terrorist attack on the ornate Casa de Narino presidential palace in Bogota 's historic downtown area .

Wrong boundary	Name Homegate Hospitality Inc	Homegate Hospitality Inc 	MISC	ORG	Company Name Homegate Hospitality Inc

Wrong type	asset-St .		MISC	O	Roosevelt Financial Group Inc is a $ 9.33 billion asset-St .

Wrong type	Longyear		LOC	O	At this time of year , the only colour in Longyear comes from the brightly-painted wooden houses .

Wrong boundary	( Jerry ) Koosman	Jerry ) Koosman 	PER	PER	I remember Nolan Ryan saying in ' 91 or ' 92 that he was the best young pitcher coming around in a long time and he saw ( Tom ) Seaver and ( Jerry ) Koosman when they were starting . "

Wrong boundary	mainly-Moslem North Caucasus	North Caucasus 	MISC	LOC	It involves the withdrawal of Russian troops sent to Chechnya in December 1994 to crush the separatists and a postponement of the issue at the heart of the conflict -- the status of the mainly-Moslem North Caucasus region .

Wrong boundary	1998 World Cup	World Cup 	MISC	MISC	Belgium kicked off their 1998 World Cup campaign with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over 10-man Turkey in a tense match marred by Turkish crowd trouble shortly after the break .

Wrong type	Whitewater		LOC	O	Geraghty said that the one thing that could completely turn the election around are new findings in the Whitewater scandal that would damage the Clintons .

Wrong type	SANTIAGO	SANTIAGO	PER	LOC	SANTIAGO 1996-08-31

Wrong type	Barcelona	Barcelona	LOC	ORG	This allowed Djorkaeff to play further up and his cross from the right fell for Ouedec , who has joined Espanyol of Barcelona from Nantes since missing the European championship finals through injury , to score after a mistake by midfielder Joaquin del Olmo .

Wrong type	Tanjug	Tanjug	ORG	PER	The value of maintenance works , which will last 120 hours straight , is 20 million dinars and the funds have been secured by Belgrade airport , Tanjug said .

Wrong type	AXE		MISC	O	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	Azerbaijani	Azerbaijani	PER	MISC	The source , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said Azerbaijani presidential adviser Vafa Gulizade and his Armenian counterpart Zhirayr Liparityan met to discuss the disputed enclave on Wednesday and had now flown home .

Wrong boundary	NASEEM 	PRINCE NASEEM	PER	PER	BOXING - PRINCE NASEEM RETAINS WBO FEATHERWEIGHT TITLE .

Wrong type	aid-U.N.		MISC	O	KPD confirms Iraqi military aid-U.N. official .

Wrong type	Conservative Party		ORG	O	Prime Minister John Major says the 300-year-old union of the Scottish and English parliaments will be a main plank in his Conservative Party 's election platform .

Wrong type	NationsBank		ORG	O	" NationsBank just strolled into the Midwest and bagged the biggest banking trophy in the landscape , " said Michael Ancell , banking industry analyst at Edward D. Jones & Co . "

Wrong type		defence ministry	O	ORG	Before Levy 's arrival in Bonn , German Defence Minister Volker Ruehe will visit Israel from September 2 to 4 , the defence ministry said .

Wrong boundary	Luis Oliveira 	Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira	PER	MISC	Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira then gleefully slipped the ball past goalkeeper Rustu Recber from the right of the area to make it 2-0 seven minutes before the interval , Turkey 's best first-half effort proving to be a vicious 30-metre shot by Ogun Temizkanoglu which De Wilde tipped over .

Wrong type		Turkish-operated	O	MISC	A fire has completely gutted a Turkish-operated restaurant in a Bahraini village , residents said .

Wrong type	BIRMINGHAM	BIRMINGHAM	ORG	LOC	BIRMINGHAM , England 1996-08-31

Wrong boundary	Stirling	Stirling County	ORG	ORG	Melrose 107 Stirling County 10

Wrong type	ex-England		MISC	O	They were held up by a gritty 84 from Paul Johnson but ex-England fast bowler Martin McCague took four for 55 .

Wrong type		Nato	O	ORG	Nato declines comment on fighting in Iraq .

Wrong boundary	War of Spanish Succession	Spanish Succession 	MISC	MISC	1714 - The Treaty of Baden was signed between the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI and France , ending War of Spanish Succession .

Wrong type	UWP-Hachette	UWP-Hachette	ORG	LOC	Two consortia -- UWP-Hachette and a consortium of a Polish SPC group and Swiss firms -- placed initial bids .

Wrong boundary	Computer Systems Inc 	Aw Computer Systems Inc	ORG	ORG	Aw Computer Systems Inc Q2 loss widens .

Wrong type		VENICE	O	LOC	VENICE , Italy 1996-08-31

Wrong type	ex-Milan		MISC	O	The move to Bergamo-based Atalanta reunites Lentini , who fell out with ex-Milan coach Fabio Capello last season , with his former coach at Torino , Emiliano Mondonico .

Wrong type	Michael Collins	Michael Collins	MISC	PER	" I have never lost more sleep over the making of a film than I have over ' Michael Collins ' , but I 'll never make a more important one , " Jordan said .

Wrong type	VOLGOGRAD		LOC	O	SOCCER - ROTOR FANS LOCKED OUT AFTER VOLGOGRAD VIOLENCE .

Wrong type	Commerce		ORG	O	Whoever wants a big market position in the Midwest has to come in and grab Mercantile or Commerce . "

Wrong type		Cotti	O	PER	But one must not forget that the OSCE only has limited powers there , " said Cotti , who is also the Swiss foreign minister . "

Wrong type	Louis	Louis	MISC	LOC	Louis based thrift .

Wrong type	Reynard Mercedes-Benz	Reynard Mercedes-Benz	ORG	PER	3. Bobby Rahal ( U.S. ) , Reynard Mercedes-Benz , 54.507

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago Purchasing Managers	Chicago	ORG	LOC	UNITED STATES - Prices of U.S. Treasury securities were trading sharply lower near midday after a surprisingly strong Chicago Purchasing Managers ' report shook the markets ahead of the long Labour Day weekend .

Wrong type	Amnesty International		ORG	O	The authorities are apparently extremely afraid of any political and social discontent , " said Xiao , in Manila to attend an Amnesty International conference on human rights in China .

Wrong type	Pro-Moscow		MISC	O	Pro-Moscow leaders in Chechnya have criticised Tim Guldimann , the Swiss diplomat who heads the OSCE Chechnya mission , saying he was biased toward Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev , president of the self-declared separatist government .

Wrong type	Million Man March		MISC	O	Farrakhan organised last October 's Million Man March that brought thousands of black men to Washington for a peaceful rally .

Wrong type	Azeri	Azeri	MISC	LOC	An uneasy ceasefire has prevailed in Nagorno-Karabakh , which represents around 20 percent of Azeri territory , since May 1994 after ethnic Armenians drove Azeris out of the region .

Wrong boundary	( Tom ) Seaver	Tom ) Seaver 	PER	PER	I remember Nolan Ryan saying in ' 91 or ' 92 that he was the best young pitcher coming around in a long time and he saw ( Tom ) Seaver and ( Jerry ) Koosman when they were starting . "

Wrong boundary	Alan John Percivale ( A.J.P. ) Taylor	Alan John Percivale	PER	PER	1990 - British historian Alan John Percivale ( A.J.P. ) Taylor died .

Wrong type	Reynard Mercedes-Benz	Reynard Mercedes-Benz	ORG	PER	4. Bryan Herta ( U.S. ) , Reynard Mercedes-Benz , 54.578

Wrong boundary	Al Unser	Al Unser Jr	PER	PER	7. Al Unser Jr ( U.S. ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.683

Wrong type	division		MISC	O	" This division would guarantee a dispersal of capital , preventing anyone from taking total control over Ruch and dictating market conditions , " the paper quoted one of the initiators of the move as saying , without giving a name .

Wrong type	Foreign Ministry		ORG	O	During Rosati 's trip the two countries will sign an agreement on mutual protection of investments and a note easing conditions on the granting of visas , the agency quoted Foreign Ministry officials as saying .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Belgrade	Belgrade newsroom	LOC	ORG	-- Amra Kevic , Belgrade newsroom +381 11 2224305

Wrong boundary	Lilac Falls Motel	Lilac Falls	LOC	LOC	Eyewitnesses told Boston television stations they saw a gasoline truck parked behind the Lilac Falls Motel and smelled gasoline shortly before the explosion .

Wrong type	Hizbollah		ORG	O	" The committee will meet following a complaint by Israel over an incident in which two Lebanese residents were injured by Hizbollah fire in the Sikhin village ...

Wrong boundary	Singer	Singer world series	MISC	MISC	overs cricket match in the Singer world series tournament on

Wrong type	Afrikaners		MISC	O	Viljoen has hailed clauses in South Africa 's new constitution as making possible a form of self-rule for the Afrikaners , descendants of the country 's Dutch , German and French settlers .




***** count = 9 *****
Wrong boundary	Majorie Orr	Orr 	PER	PER	The Sunday Telegraph quoted Majorie Orr as saying she did a horoscope chart for Thatcher , a Libran , after she narrowly escaped death in the Irish guerrilla bombing of a hotel during the Conservative Party conference more than a decade ago .

Wrong type	Xinhua	Xinhua	ORG	PER	Police had confiscated the remainder of the poisonous liquor , Xinhua said .

Wrong type	Moslem		MISC	O	Shares on the Dhaka Stock Exchange ( DSE ) may remain steady as small investors are expected to target mainly blue chips while overseas investors will prefer to keep to the sidelines when the market reopens after Moslem Friday weekend , brokers said .

Wrong type	Ontario-based Magna	Ontario-based Magna	MISC	LOC	The acquisition will beef up Markham , Ontario-based Magna 's North American car and truck seating business , allowing it to better compete with Johnson Controls Inc and Lear Corp .

Wrong type	Indians	Indians	MISC	ORG	The Indians had their four-game winning streak stopped .

Wrong boundary	Brown Deer Park Golf Course	Brown Deer Park	LOC	LOC	Parnevik tied the 18-hole record set by Loren Roberts in 1994 at the Brown Deer Park Golf Course and also equalled Saturday by Greg Kraft .

Wrong type		KDP-controlled	O	LOC	U.N. relief officials said they were not aware that the tanks advancing on Arbil were manned by Iraqi troops as they advanced from KDP-controlled areas and raised KDP flags .

Wrong type	Barentsburg	Barentsburg	LOC	PER	Barentsburg , just a few hours ride by snow-scooter or 15 minutes by helicopter from Longyear , has asked to be left alone with its grief and told reporters to stay away .

Wrong type	Lola Honda	Lola Honda	ORG	PER	8. Andre Ribeiro ( Brazil ) , Lola Honda , 54.750

Wrong type	MAURITANIA	MAURITANIA	LOC	PER	SOCCER - MAURITANIA DISSOLVES NATIONAL TEAM AFTER CUP EXIT .

Wrong type	Mauritania	Mauritania	LOC	PER	" Since Mauritania has been eliminated on all fronts and the next commitments are not for another two years , we have reason to take a break , " federation president Mohamed Lemine Cheiguer said .

Wrong type	Commerce		ORG	O	" It focuses more attention on Mercantile , Commerce and Roosevelt , " said James Weber , analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons .

Wrong boundary	The Netherlands	Netherlands 	LOC	LOC	The Netherlands drew 2-2 with

Wrong boundary	1998 WORLD CUP	WORLD CUP 	MISC	MISC	SOCCER - KLINSMANN TO RETIRE AFTER 1998 WORLD CUP .

Wrong type	Granma	Granma	ORG	PER	Granma called " Sleeping Bread " Puig 's " greatest gift to the modern novel in our America . "

Wrong boundary	Korean	Korean War	MISC	MISC	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong boundary	1997 FED CUP	FED CUP 	MISC	MISC	TENNIS - SPAIN , U.S. TEAMS OPEN ON ROAD FOR 1997 FED CUP .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	U.N. denies reports of Iraqi tank assault on Arbil .

Wrong boundary	Bank Rozwoju Exportu SA	Rozwoju Exportu SA 	ORG	ORG	A Polish consortium including the Bank Rozwoju Exportu SA ( BRE ) plans to rival France 's Hachette in bidding for Polish state-owned press distribution chain Ruch SA , Zycie Warszawy daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Longyear		LOC	O	Around 100 Russian and Ukrainian miners were waiting in Longyear to fly home on the plane that crashed .

Wrong type	El Al		ORG	O	Dutch say no reason to reopen El Al carqo enquiry .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The U.S. defense officials said military flights to enforce no-fly zones in both northern and southern Iraq doubled over the weekend .

Wrong type	Reynard Honda	Reynard Honda	ORG	PER	1. Alex Zanardi ( Italy ) , Reynard Honda , 53.980 ( 113.576

Wrong type	Stakes		MISC	O	Stakes , a race for two-year-olds run over six furlongs ( 1,200

Wrong type	South		LOC	O	North Korea demanded on Saturday that South Korea return a northern war veteran who has been in the South since the 1950-53 war , Seoul 's unification ministry said .

Wrong type	Real		ORG	O	In a frantic final five minutes there were chances at both ends , and Donato , who had earlier been booked , was sent off for protesting about the incursion of Real players at a free kick .

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	It aims to invest $ 200 million in Ruch over five years -- more than the sum Ruch says it needs to upgrade its outlets .

Wrong type	Raymond James	Raymond James	PER	ORG	" Seven percent creates psychological problems and a legitimate competitor for money from equities , " said Ralph Bloch , chief technical analyst at Raymond James .

Wrong boundary	Korean	Korean War	MISC	MISC	Kim , an unrepentant communist , was captured during the Korean War and released after spending more than 30 years in a southern jail .

Wrong type	Tajik		MISC	O	" We had to build our own earth shelters to survive the fighting , " said Rajab Adinayev , a bearded elderly Tajik in a long white shirt .

Wrong boundary	Mercantile	Mercantile and Commerce	ORG	ORG	Mercantile and Commerce did not return phone calls seeking comment .

Wrong type	Afrikaners		MISC	O	Constand Viljoen , leader of the Freedom Front party , told a news conference in Pretoria self-determination for Afrikaners could begin at local government level .

Wrong type	Volgograd	Volgograd	LOC	ORG	Lying three points behind Alania and two behind Dynamo Moscow , the Volgograd side have a game in hand over the leaders and two over the Moscow club .

Wrong type		Bunds	O	ORG	GERMANY - Bunds extended losses , flirting with session lows after falling victim to sharply higher U.S. economic data which revived fears that interest rates may soon turn higher .

Wrong boundary	1997 Fed Cup	Fed Cup 	MISC	MISC	Draw for the women 's 1997 Fed Cup team tennis championships , as conducted at the U.S. Open on Saturday :

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S. Amateur Championship	U.S.	MISC	LOC	The 20-year-old Woods , who turned professional Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , struggled on the front nine , bogeying the first and seventh holes and double-bogeying the par-four , 359-yard ninth hole .

Wrong type	National Football League	National Football League	ORG	MISC	Randall Cunningham , the National Football League 's all-time leading rusher as a quarterback and one of the most athletic players ever to line up over centre , retired Thursday .

Wrong type	Trades Disputes Act		MISC	O	He also got the House of Lords to pass his Trades Disputes Act which gave labour unions more freedom to strike .

Wrong type		grand prix	O	MISC	Atlanta Games silver medal winner Edwards has called on other leading athletes to take part in the Sarajevo meeting -- a goodwill gesture towards Bosnia as it recovers from the war in the Balkans -- two days after the grand prix final in Milan .

Wrong type	IN		MISC	O	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	Holland	Holland	PER	LOC	Holland was moved to a more secure centre earlier this year after a similar incident .

Wrong type	Philippine	Philippine	LOC	MISC	An agreement to bring peace to the southern Philippines is set to be initialed on Friday after delegates from the Philippine government and the Moro National Liberation Front ( MNLF ) concluded negotiations on the treaty which is set to end almost 25 years of conflict in the region .

Wrong type	Insein Prison		LOC	O	Most political prisoners are held in Rangoon 's Insein Prison .

Wrong type		Privatisation	O	ORG	Zycie Warszawy said the new , open consortium , which also included several listed Polish firms , would on Monday inform Privatisation Minister Wieslaw Kaczmarek of its plans .

Wrong boundary	Holy City of Jerusalem	Jerusalem 	LOC	LOC	The Palestinian letter from Marwan Jilani said the destruction of the Jerusalem centre was an effort by Israel to " alter the character , demographic composition and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem " and violated agreements between Israel and the Palestinian Liberation Organisation .

Wrong boundary	Internazionale Milan	Milan 	ORG	ORG	Within four minutes Ouedec was returning the compliment for Djorkaeff , playing a one-two with the Internazionale Milan forward down the middle to set him up for a cross shot past diving goalkeeper Osvaldo Sanchez .

Wrong boundary	Kim In-so	Kim	PER	PER	" ...I request the immediate repatriation of Kim In-so to North Korea where his family is waiting , " North Korean Red Cross president Li Song-ho said in a telephone message to his southern couterpart , Kang Young-hoon .

Wrong boundary	1966-76 Cultural Revolution	Cultural Revolution 	MISC	MISC	Police also would not say why Wang was being sent to a study class -- a holdover from the chaotic 1966-76 Cultural Revolution -- or say when he would be released , the group said .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Warsaw	Warsaw stock exchange	LOC	ORG	The consortium wanted 40 percent of Ruch 's shares , the state would get 20 percent of Ruch and 40 percent would be offered on the Warsaw stock exchange .

Wrong boundary	Andruw Jones	Jones 	PER	PER	The Braves took the second game when Chipper Jones singled home the tying run in the top of the ninth and Andruw Jones took advantage of a poor throw to score the go-ahead run on a sacrifice fly for a 6-5 victory .

Wrong boundary	Cofinec	Cofinec GDRs	ORG	ORG	In the conference call , Frater said he regarded Cofinec GDRs -- which are trading below their issue price of 6,425 forints -- as a buying opportunity .

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	" This division would guarantee a dispersal of capital , preventing anyone from taking total control over Ruch and dictating market conditions , " the paper quoted one of the initiators of the move as saying , without giving a name .

Wrong type	Michael Collins	Michael Collins	MISC	PER	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type		avacados	O	PER	We probably would not see avacados come in until next season , next November . "

Wrong type		Avg	O	ORG	Avg shrs 4,666 3,944

Wrong type	Intertoto	Intertoto	MISC	ORG	UEFA came down heavily on Belgian club Standard Liege on Friday for " disgraceful behaviour " in an Intertoto final match against Karlsruhe of Germany .

Wrong type	Ericsson	Ericsson	ORG	PER	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Hindustan Copper	Hindustan	ORG	MISC	Ready copper fell by 150 rupees at 12,350 rupees per quintal on fresh offerings by the stockists who expect Hindustan Copper to cut prices .

Wrong type	Kuwaiti	Kuwaiti	MISC	LOC	1990 - The United States won Saudi and Kuwaiti pledges to help pay for forces in the Gulf .

Wrong boundary	Chicago NAPM	Chicago	LOC	LOC	The August Chicago NAPM rose 8.8 points to 60.0 , its highest level since 62.6 in February 1995 and the largest monthly rise since December 1993 .

Wrong type	Philippine	Philippine	LOC	MISC	Ramos said the peace agreement " shall bring down the curtain on a long and storied era of strife in Philippine history . "

Wrong type		old city	O	LOC	On Tuesday , Israeli crews hoisted a bulldozer over the walls of Jerusalem 's old city and demolished the centre , saying it was being restored without a building permit .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago Purchasing Managers	Chicago	ORG	LOC	While the data provided support for Canadian bonds , both Canadian and U.S. markets weakened after the release of strong U.S. economic data , including a report showing the Chicago Purchasing Managers August index rose to 60 from 51.2 in July .

Wrong type	Minor Counties		ORG	O	as well as one-day matches against the Minor Counties and

Wrong boundary	Chicago NAPM	Chicago	LOC	LOC	U.S. debt futures end lower , shaken by Chicago NAPM .




***** count = 8 *****
Wrong type	Sikhin	Sikhin	LOC	MISC	" The committee will meet following a complaint by Israel over an incident in which two Lebanese residents were injured by Hizbollah fire in the Sikhin village ...

Wrong type	Solidarity Meeting for Sarajevo		MISC	O	Olympic champion Kenny Harrison and world record holder Jonathan Edwards will both take part in a triple jump competition at the Solidarity Meeting for Sarajevo on September 9 .

Wrong type	NationsBank		ORG	O	They also questioned whether NationsBank can recoup shareholder value with such a large bid for Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	Boatmen 's		ORG	O	They also questioned whether NationsBank can recoup shareholder value with such a large bid for Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	Hangzhou		LOC	O	Wang 's family and Hangzhou police could not be reached for immediate comment .

Wrong type	Seattle	Seattle	ORG	LOC	Jay Buhner hit his 38th homer and Edgar Martinez his 23rd for Seattle .

Wrong type	Air Force		ORG	O	The expeditionary force would include nearly 1,000 Air Force personnel in ground and support crews , they said .

Wrong type	Tanjug	Tanjug	ORG	PER	" During the works , all flights will be re-routed to the nearby airport in Batajnica , with no change in schedules , " Tanjug quotes Belgrade airport General Director Ljubomir Acimovic as saying .

Wrong type	Markham	Markham	ORG	LOC	The acquisition will beef up Markham , Ontario-based Magna 's North American car and truck seating business , allowing it to better compete with Johnson Controls Inc and Lear Corp .

Wrong type	Sheriat	Sheriat	MISC	PER	Only Sheriat ( Islamic law ) can end the war . "

Wrong type	New York-based	New York-based	MISC	LOC	Xiao Qiang , executive director of the New York-based group Human Rights in China , said Wang 's arrest on Friday appeared to be part of the national " Strike Hard " campaign that has imprisoned thousands and sent hundreds to their death .

Wrong type		NYMEX	O	ORG	NYMEX will be closed Monday due to Labor Day .

Wrong type	Lebed Chechnya		PER	O	Yeltsin endorses Lebed Chechnya peace plan - agency .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S. Treasuries	U.S.	ORG	LOC	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type	Foreign Office		ORG	O	" We are in close touch with all our allies , " said the Foreign Office spokesman .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bucharest	Bucharest stock exchange	LOC	ORG	Comelf 's six-month output rose to 4,378 tonnes of equipment from 2,684 tonnes in the equivalent period in 1995 , the company report to the Bucharest stock exchange showed .

Wrong boundary	First Union	First Union bank	ORG	ORG	Economist Joel Naroff of First Union bank in Philadelphia said consumer spending , which fuels two-thirds of the nation 's economy , may be much slower in the third quarter than in the first half , which should slow economic growth .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Dhaka Newsroom	Dhaka	ORG	LOC	-- Dhaka Newsroom 880-2-506363

Wrong type	IRA		ORG	O	A British newspaper said Margaret Thatcher was so shaken by an IRA attempt on her life when she was prime minister in 1984 that an astrologer was asked to warn her against future threats .

Wrong type	Boatmen 's		ORG	O	But NationsBank 's bid , representing a premium of 40 percent for Boatmen 's stock , was large enough to get the deal done .

Wrong type	Sleeping Bread		MISC	O	Granma called " Sleeping Bread " Puig 's " greatest gift to the modern novel in our America . "

Wrong type	Mediterranean	Mediterranean	MISC	LOC	The number of working rigs in European / Mediterranean remained unchanged this week , with 105 rigs under contract out of a total fleet of 105 , a utilization rate of 100 percent .

Wrong type	Insein		LOC	O	Hla Than , an elected member of parliament for the NLD , died in early August after being at Insein for six years .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Aziz said Iraq 's military intervention , the first on such scale since the U.S. and allies decided to protect Iraqi Kurds against Baghdad , was in response to a plea from Barzani to President Saddam Hussein to back him militarily and save his people from attacks by Iran and Talabani .

Wrong boundary	NYC	NYC Time	MISC	MISC	AMT : 1,200,000 DATE : 09/05/96 NYC Time : 1600 CUSIP : 072261

Wrong type	Interstate 95	Interstate 95	LOC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	King		PER	O	If she can get that threesome together , King will feel good about her chances against the Spain 's formidable duo of Arantxa Sanchez Vicario and Conchita Martinez .

Wrong type	Panamanian Boxing Association	Panamanian Boxing Association	MISC	ORG	If he loses Saturday , it could devalue his position as one of the world 's great boxers , " Panamanian Boxing Association President Ramon Manzanares said .

Wrong type	Vienna-based	Vienna-based	MISC	LOC	Flavio Cotti , the chairman of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , told German radio the Vienna-based body viewed the conflict in Chechnya as an internal Russian problem .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Orleans	Orleans besieging Turin	LOC	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .

Wrong type	Massoud Barzani	Massoud Barzani	PER	LOC	Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) of Massoud Barzani said that it was being backed by Iraqi heavy armour and artillery in a battle with rival Kurds for the city of Arbil , a senior U.N. official in Baghdad said .

Wrong type	Foreign Office		ORG	O	In no way can Iraqi involvement be seen as helpful , " said a Foreign Office spokesman .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	U.S. plans rely heavily on U.S. air attacks on Iraqi forces , but there are also 23,000 U.S. troops in the region , according to defense officials .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	More than 300 U.S. warplanes and 20 ships were available on Saturday in case President Bill Clinton ordered the use of U.S. force against Iraqi military action in northern Iraq , U.S. defense officials said .

Wrong type		Scots	O	MISC	The Scots are not really a great team and we should have won , " he said .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Open Tennis Championships	U.S. Open	MISC	MISC	Results from the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the National Tennis Centre on Friday ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :

Wrong type	Boxing-Bruno		MISC	O	Boxing-Bruno quits on doctor 's advice .

Wrong boundary	Northern Cape	Cape 	LOC	LOC	South African right-wing Afrikaners on Saturday revived their campaign for a form of self-rule , identifying a sparsely-populated area in Northern Cape province as the best place for a home of their own .

Wrong type	Atlanta	Atlanta	ORG	LOC	In the first game , Ryne Sandberg snapped an eighth-inning tie with an infield single and Kevin Foster ( 6-2 ) outdueled Atlanta 's Tom Glavine ( 13-8 ) for his third straight win , 3-2 .

Wrong boundary	Changi Prison	Changi	LOC	LOC	Singapore hanged a Thai farmer at Changi Prison on Friday for drug trafficking , the Central Narcotics Bureau ( CNB ) said .

Wrong boundary	James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols	James Leander	PER	PER	His death came five weeks after James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols , a close friend of Suu Kyi and Danish honorary consul , died while serving a prison term at Insein .

Wrong type	Wuhan	Wuhan	LOC	ORG	Wuhan consumes more than 200 million disposable plastic containers a year , the newspaper said .

Wrong type	FTO	FTO	ORG	MISC	Investors in Dutch bonds currently use German bond futures to hedge their portfolios because the FTO contract is so illiquid .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago PMI	Chicago	MISC	LOC	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type	FTSE	FTSE	MISC	ORG	FTSE close $ 21.25 $ 1000.0

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Heriot 's F.P.	Heriot	ORG	PER	Currie 45 Heriot 's F.P. 5

Wrong type	Currie	Currie	ORG	PER	Currie 45 Heriot 's F.P. 5

Wrong type	Interstate 5	Interstate 5	LOC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .




***** count = 7 *****
Wrong type	Marines		MISC	O	Most of the Marines are on three ships in the Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group .

Wrong type	Green Square		LOC	O	Huge stadium lights are directed at the city 's Green Square where makeshift stages await Sunday 's festivities .

Wrong type	Mercantile		ORG	O	" It focuses more attention on Mercantile , Commerce and Roosevelt , " said James Weber , analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons .

Wrong type	Reynard Ford Cosworth	Reynard Ford Cosworth	ORG	PER	9. Mauricio Gugelmin ( Brazil ) , Reynard Ford Cosworth , 54.762

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The Treasury Department said Libya was on the U.S. list of states that sponsor international terrorism and noted that Tripoli has refused to hand over two Libyan suspects in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland .

Wrong boundary	F / A-18	F	MISC	MISC	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type	Drazek		PER	O	" It 's a very complicated issue , " said the Agriculture Department 's Drazek . "

Wrong type	Intelligent Network		MISC	O	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	West		LOC	O	Texas 's lead over Seattle in the West increased to six .

Wrong type		T-bonds	O	ORG	However , December T-bonds ended below a major trendline level at 106-26/32 , as the yield in the cash bond market set its highest monthly close since April 1995 at 7.12 percent , one analyst said .

Wrong type	DWYER	DWYER	ORG	PER	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong type	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc.	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc.	MISC	ORG	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc. , a bank holding company with $ 18.04 billion in assets , was seen by many analysts as the most attractive Missouri franchise in size after Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	Iron Lady		PER	O	Thatcher , dubbed the " Iron Lady " for her driven , forceful personality , was never known to have an interest in the occult and in fact has a university degree in chemistry .

Wrong boundary	Communist-led CGT	CGT 	MISC	ORG	About 100 people from the CFDT and the Communist-led CGT unions marched outside Air France headquarters at Charles de Gaulle airport north of Paris against the use of civilian jets and staff in deporting illegal immigrants .

Wrong boundary	Radnicki ( N )	Radnicki	ORG	ORG	Radnicki ( N ) - Spartak ( to be played on Sunday )

Wrong type	New York-based	New York-based	MISC	LOC	Chinese police have detained dissident Wang Donghai , the New York-based pressure group Human Rights in China said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Boatmen 's		ORG	O	" Boatmen 's was the plum of Missouri and was the plum of the central Midwest , " Weber said .

Wrong type	Carl Vinson	Carl Vinson	MISC	PER	The Carl Vinson leads a battle group that includes seven other ships , and there are nine other U.S. ships in the Gulf for a total of 20 .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Open Tennis Championships	U.S. Open	MISC	MISC	Results from the U.S. Open Tennis Championships at the National Tennis Centre on Saturday ( prefix number denotes seeding ) :

Wrong type	MAURITANIA	MAURITANIA	LOC	PER	SOCCER - MAURITANIA DRAW WITH BENIN IN AFRICAN NATIONS CUP .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc.	Mo.-based	MISC	LOC	Kansas City , Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc. , with $ 9.32 billion in assets , also could help a regional bank establish a strong presence in the lower Midwest , analysts added .

Wrong type	Azeris	Azeris	MISC	PER	Armenians , Azeris hold peace talks in Germany .

Wrong type	NationsBank		ORG	O	But NationsBank 's bid , representing a premium of 40 percent for Boatmen 's stock , was large enough to get the deal done .

Wrong boundary	Roman 	Holy Roman	MISC	MISC	1714 - The Treaty of Baden was signed between the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI and France , ending War of Spanish Succession .

Wrong type	Anglicans		MISC	O	He was the first black head of South Africa 's Anglicans .

Wrong type	KeyCorp	KeyCorp	ORG	PER	KeyCorp , contacted by phone , would not comment .

Wrong boundary	ERA 	Major league ERA	MISC	MISC	Major league ERA leader Kevin Brown threw an eight-hitter and Devon White 's RBI double snapped a fifth-inning tie as the Florida Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-1 for their seventh straight win Friday .

Wrong type	Boxer		MISC	O	This imposed an indemnity to be paid to the great powers for Boxer crimes .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	Chechnya must be accorded the maximum autonomy possible within the framework of Russian integrity , " said Cotti .

Wrong type	Liberal		MISC	O	As Liberal prime minister 1905-1908 he granted self-government to the Transvaal .

Wrong type	ASHES		MISC	O	CRICKET - 1997 ASHES INTINERARY .

Wrong type	Interstates 80	Interstates 80	LOC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Tajik	Tajik	MISC	ORG	Tajik troops now control devastated town .

Wrong type	Yeltsin	Yeltsin	PER	ORG	Yeltsin endorses Lebed Chechnya peace plan - agency .

Wrong type	Tattersalls Breeders		MISC	O	Result of the Tattersalls Breeders

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	Much of the film was shot on location in Dublin with Jordan using thousands of its citizens as unpaid extras .

Wrong type	Philippine	Philippine	LOC	MISC	Philippine president Fidel Ramos expressed gratitude to Indonesian president Suharto and the Organisation of Islamic Conference ( OIC ) on Saturday for supporting talks that ended a conflict with local Moslem rebels .

Wrong type	Moscow-backed	Moscow-backed	MISC	LOC	Urus-Martan is a traditionally anti-separatist pocket in Chechnya and Moscow-backed leader Doku Zavgayev , who has been sidelined in the peace deal , has warned that it and places like it could become centres of civil war if Russian troops leave .

Wrong type	Vinson	Vinson	MISC	ORG	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type	WBO	WBO	ORG	MISC	Britain 's Naseem Hamed retained his WBO featherweight title on Saturday when Mexico 's Manuel Medina was retired by his corner at the end of the 11th round .

Wrong type	ERA		MISC	O	BASEBALL - KEVIN BROWN LOWERS ERA AS MARLINS BEAT REDS .

Wrong type	King		PER	O	" To be a great coach you have to have the right horses and I got the right horses , " said King .

Wrong type	Insein		LOC	O	His death came five weeks after James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols , a close friend of Suu Kyi and Danish honorary consul , died while serving a prison term at Insein .

Wrong type	All Black		ORG	O	It also ended a run of nine successive victories this year for New Zealand but arrived too late to prevent a 2-1 series defeat and an historic first All Black series triumph on South African soil .

Wrong type	Libran		MISC	O	The Sunday Telegraph quoted Majorie Orr as saying she did a horoscope chart for Thatcher , a Libran , after she narrowly escaped death in the Irish guerrilla bombing of a hotel during the Conservative Party conference more than a decade ago .

Wrong boundary	POLISH	POLISH NBP	MISC	MISC	POLISH NBP REFRAINS FROM REVERSE REPO OPERATION .

Wrong type	Aki	Aki	PER	ORG	7. Luca Pavanello ( Italy ) Aki 11

Wrong type	Kalashnikov	Kalashnikov	MISC	LOC	On Tuesday , thieves stole about 40 forearms from a shooting range in southern Belgium , including Kalashnikov , Uzi and Fal automatic weapons .

Wrong type	FTO	FTO	ORG	MISC	Market-making in the rarely-traded FTO contract was expected to begin today , but an EOE spokesman said the 10 banks and brokers involved in the initiative needed time to get accustomed to changes in the electronic trading system .

Wrong type	Hong Kong-based	Hong Kong-based	MISC	LOC	Pirelli is linking with Hong Kong-based group CITIC Pacific in a venture to be called the Wuxi Tong Ling Company Ltd , which will operate in partnership with a local industrial company at its existing factory in Wuxi , Jiangsu province , Shanghai .

Wrong type	Zairean	Zairean	MISC	LOC	Zairean troops expelled 15,000 refugees in August last year .

Wrong type	O'Brien	O'Brien	PER	ORG	The fifth set stayed on serve until the sixth game , when Washington , after saving one break point with a forehand winner down the line , netted a backhand to give O'Brien a 4-2 lead .

Wrong type	Aerodrom Beograd	Aerodrom Beograd	LOC	ORG	Belgrade 's main airport Aerodrom Beograd will be closed to traffic for runway maintenance and modernization from September 21 to 26 , the Yugoslav news agency Tanjug reported late on Friday .

Wrong type	Zairean	Zairean	MISC	LOC	U.N. officials said more than 1,000 aid workers will take part in the census from Sunday until Tuesday of the estimated 727,000 refugees in camps around the eastern Zairean border town of Goma .

Wrong type	Kansas City	Kansas City	LOC	ORG	Kansas City has scored only one run in two games .

Wrong type		ethylene	O	MISC	The Dow Chemical Co of the United States will invest $ 4 billion to build an ethylene plant in Tianjin city in northern China , the China Daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type		senate	O	ORG	The new constitution calls for a two-chamber parliament with a 110-seat majority-elected house of representatives and a regionally-represented senate with a third of its members named by the president .

Wrong boundary	Brown Deer Park Golf Course	Brown Deer Park	LOC	LOC	6,739-yard Brown Deer Park Golf Course after the first round

Wrong type	UWP-Hachette	UWP-Hachette	ORG	LOC	But after the change of tender conditions Swiss investors pulled out and SPC decided to bid jointly with UWP-Hachette .

Wrong type	Berlin	Berlin	MISC	LOC	Leading results at the Berlin

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	I think he got a little tight at a couple of moments , " said Washington . "

Wrong type		Avg	O	ORG	Avg shrs 4,841 3,990




***** count = 6 *****
Wrong type	Red Shirts	Red Shirts	MISC	ORG	1860 - Giuseppe Garibaldi leading his " Red Shirts " seized Naples in the Italian war of liberation against the Austrians .

Wrong type	BOJ		ORG	O	JAPAN - Yield for benchmark 182nd cash bond fell on buy-backs following weaker-than-expected industrial output data , which convinced traders the BOJ would not raise interest rates soon .

Wrong boundary	Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group	Tarawa	ORG	ORG	Most of the Marines are on three ships in the Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group .

Wrong type	Kazakstan	Kazakstan	LOC	ORG	5. Igor Potapovich ( Kazakstan ) 5.80

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Kansai International Airport	Kansai	ORG	LOC	Next week Kansai Electric Power and Kansai International Airport are likely to launch 10-year dollar deals .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc.	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	The $ 9.5 billion proposed acquisition of Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. by NationsBank Corp. could spark a flurry of other mergers involving Missouri banks , which until last year were protected from outside buyers by state regulations .

Wrong boundary	South Korean	South Korean unification ministry	MISC	MISC	The message was distributed to the press by the South Korean unification ministry .

Wrong type	Marines		MISC	O	The 23,000 U.S. military people already in the Gulf consist of 15,000 sailors and Marines , 6,000 U.S. servicemen based primarily in Saudi Arabia and 2,000 U.S. troops in the area for military exercises .

Wrong type	Longyear		LOC	O	Barentsburg , just a few hours ride by snow-scooter or 15 minutes by helicopter from Longyear , has asked to be left alone with its grief and told reporters to stay away .

Wrong type	Strike Hard		MISC	O	Xiao Qiang , executive director of the New York-based group Human Rights in China , said Wang 's arrest on Friday appeared to be part of the national " Strike Hard " campaign that has imprisoned thousands and sent hundreds to their death .

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	The consortium wanted 40 percent of Ruch 's shares , the state would get 20 percent of Ruch and 40 percent would be offered on the Warsaw stock exchange .

Wrong type	Chicago	Chicago	LOC	ORG	Cubs shortstop Jose Hernandez committed three of Chicago 's four errors .

Wrong type	All Black		ORG	O	A quick penalty from Van der Westhuizen five metres from the All Black line set up the third try for Venter five minutes later and when Joubert kicked his third penalty the Springboks held an unassailable 32-8 lead going into the last quarter .

Wrong type	All Black		ORG	O	Honiball converted and Joubert kicked a penalty before All Black hooker Sean Fitzpatrick scored a try from close range on the stroke of half-time to narrow the lead to 16-8 and hint at a comeback .

Wrong type	Enterprise	Enterprise	MISC	ORG	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type	Cup		MISC	O	" Last year we stood on the court after we had lost and we put out hands together and made it our committment to bring back the Cup , " U.S. captain Billie Jean King said at the draw . "

Wrong type	Central Jakarta District Court		ORG	O	The Central Jakarta District Court has started to hear the suit filed by ousted Indonesian Democratic Party ( PDI ) leader Megawati Sukarnoputri against the government and party rivals after the parties failed to reach an out-of-court settlement .

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	Polish group to bid for Ruch newsstand chain - paper .

Wrong type	INCE		PER	O	SOCCER - INCE EXPOSED BY GASCOIGNE 'S LATEST PRANK .

Wrong type	Roosevelt		ORG	O	" It focuses more attention on Mercantile , Commerce and Roosevelt , " said James Weber , analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons .

Wrong type	Conservative Party		ORG	O	The Sunday Telegraph quoted Majorie Orr as saying she did a horoscope chart for Thatcher , a Libran , after she narrowly escaped death in the Irish guerrilla bombing of a hotel during the Conservative Party conference more than a decade ago .

Wrong type	U.S.-led	U.S.-led	MISC	LOC	U.S.-led allied planes based in Turkey are intended to protect the Kurds from Baghdad .

Wrong type		thrift	O	ORG	Louis based thrift .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Madeleine Albright , arrived in Chile late Friday for talks on various Security Council issues with Chilean officials as part of a five-nation Latin American tour .

Wrong type	Azeris	Azeris	MISC	LOC	An uneasy ceasefire has prevailed in Nagorno-Karabakh , which represents around 20 percent of Azeri territory , since May 1994 after ethnic Armenians drove Azeris out of the region .

Wrong type	Levoxyl		MISC	O	Daniels Pharmaceuticals manufactures prescription pharmaceutical products , the largest of which is Levoxyl , a synthetic thyroid hormone for treating hypothyroidism .

Wrong type	Such		PER	O	By the close Yorkshire had turned that into a 37-run advantage but off-spinner Such had scuttled their hopes , taking four for 24 in 48 balls and leaving them hanging on 119 for five and praying for rain .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	Boatmen 's deal could spark more mergers .

Wrong type		BTP	O	ORG	ITALY - Bond futures held to easier levels in late afternoon after the sharp drop in Treasuries , but a resilient lira helped limit BTP losses .

Wrong type	Fal		MISC	O	On Tuesday , thieves stole about 40 forearms from a shooting range in southern Belgium , including Kalashnikov , Uzi and Fal automatic weapons .

Wrong type		east	O	LOC	Workers at Driefontein Consolidated Ltd 's east gold mine have failed to report for work since Wednesday night , mine managers Gold Fields of South Africa Ltd said on Friday .

Wrong type		Jansher	O	PER	I shook him a bit but he will come out next time and be a better player for it -- that 's Jansher . "

Wrong type	CONCACAF	CONCACAF	ORG	MISC	Canada beat Panama 3-1 ( halftime 2-0 ) in their CONCACAF semifinal phase qualifying match for the 1998 World Cup on Friday .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	Poland revived diplomatic ties at ambassadorial level with Yugoslavia in April but economic links are almost moribund , despite the end of a three-year U.N. trade embargo imposed to punish Belgrade for its support of Bosnian Serbs .

Wrong type	Cofinec	Cofinec	ORG	PER	Cofinec said Petofi general manager Laszlo Sebesvari had submitted his resignation and will be leaving Petofi but will remain on Petofi 's board of directors .

Wrong type	Mauritania	Mauritania	LOC	PER	Mauritania 's soccer federation dissolved the national team and suspended this season 's domestic championship on Saturday in the wake of the country 's failure to qualify for the African Nations ' Cup .

Wrong boundary	English National League	English National League one	MISC	MISC	English National League one

Wrong type	Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc.	Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc.	MISC	ORG	Among those seen as having an interest in buying in Missouri are Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. and Norwest Corp. , Ohio-based KeyCorp and Banc One Corp. , and First Chicago NBD Corp. in Illinois .

Wrong type	Hong Kong-listed	Hong Kong-listed	MISC	LOC	CITIC Pacific is a major Hong Kong-listed company focusing on infrastruture , trading , distribution and property , with 28 percent of its 1995 profits coming from telecoms .

Wrong type	Enterprise	Enterprise	MISC	ORG	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type	NY Dow	NY Dow	MISC	ORG	NY Dow close London opening LME close

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	A consortium of press distributor Hachette and Polish publishers group UWP are seeking more than than 50 percent of Ruch and French President Jacques Chirac is likely to support its case when he visits Poland in September , the daily said .

Wrong type	Lola Ford Cosworth	Lola Ford Cosworth	ORG	PER	2. Michael Andretti ( U.S. ) , Lola Ford Cosworth , 54.483

Wrong boundary	Beryll Remblance	Beryll	PER	PER	Winner owned by John and Beryll Remblance and trained in

Wrong type		ocean	O	LOC	Equipment problems and mechanical failure forced a recovery expedition to give up efforts to retrieve a giant slab of the RMS Titanic from the ocean floor , a spokeswoman said on Friday .

Wrong type		Stadium court	O	LOC	The 11th-seeded Washington fell short of reprising his Wimbledon miracle comeback as he lost to red-hot wildcard Alex O'Brien 6-3 6-4 5-7 3-6 6-3 in a two hour 51 minute struggle on the Stadium court .

Wrong boundary	Cuban	Cuban revolution	MISC	MISC	Puig 's first novel , " Bertillon 166 , " was published in 1960 , a year after the Cuban revolution brought President Fidel Castro to power .

Wrong type	New York	New York	LOC	ORG	New York snapped a season-high five-game losing streak and also got homers from Mariano Duncan , Darryl Strawberry and Jim Leyritz .

Wrong type	Kaczmarek	Kaczmarek	PER	ORG	Initially Poland offered up to 75 percent of Ruch but in March Kaczmarek cancelled the tender and offered a minority stake with an option to increase the equity .

Wrong type	Fed		ORG	O	Fears of a Fed tightening next month have resurfaced for the first time since the end of July . "

Wrong type	Treasuries	Treasuries	ORG	LOC	ITALY - Bond futures held to easier levels in late afternoon after the sharp drop in Treasuries , but a resilient lira helped limit BTP losses .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S. Amateur Championship	U.S.	MISC	LOC	Woods , who turned pro Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , almost eagled the 18th hole .

Wrong type	Bergamo-based Atalanta	Bergamo-based Atalanta	MISC	LOC	The move to Bergamo-based Atalanta reunites Lentini , who fell out with ex-Milan coach Fabio Capello last season , with his former coach at Torino , Emiliano Mondonico .

Wrong type	Farrakhan	Farrakhan	PER	ORG	The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday denied Farrakhan 's application to receive the $ 250,000 award or a $ 1 billion donation Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi had pledged to Farrakhan 's Nation of Islam group after they met last January .

Wrong type	IBF	IBF	ORG	MISC	American Tom Johnson successfully defended his IBF featherweight title when he earned a unanimous points decision over Venezuela 's Ramon Guzman on Saturday .

Wrong type	El Salvador	El Salvador	LOC	ORG	El Salvador - Luis Lazo ( 61st )

Wrong type	All Blacks		ORG	O	When the All Blacks did break through , it was too late .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Hong Kong Standard	Hong Kong	ORG	LOC	" I am sorry to my ancestors for five generations , " Chen Chun-yeh told the High Court after sentencing on Friday , the Hong Kong Standard said . "

Wrong type	Yeltsin	Yeltsin	PER	ORG	It was agreed with Boris Nikolayevich ( Yeltsin ) yesterday . "

Wrong type		GOLF	O	LOC	GOLF - BRITISH MASTERS FINAL SCORES .

Wrong boundary	ROMANIA COMELF	ROMANIA	LOC	LOC	ROMANIA COMELF H1 PROFIT RISE BELOW TARGET .

Wrong type	90		LOC	O	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong boundary	Northern Cape	Cape 	LOC	LOC	According to state television , Viljoen told the news conference the self-rule model should be introduced in parts of the Northern Cape provinces where a majority of people -- whites and mixed-race Coloureds -- speak Afrikaans .




***** count = 5 *****
Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	Boatmen 's was the prize in Missouri , where barriers to outside acquirers were brought down last year by a federal banking statute .

Wrong type	Communist Party		ORG	O	Although supposedly aimed at criminals , dozens of human rights activists have been detained in the campaign , which is meant to strengthen the Communist Party 's grip on power as senior leader Deng Xiaoping nears death , Xiao said in an interview .

Wrong type		bank	O	ORG	bank said .

Wrong type	Trofej Beograd 96		MISC	O	Results in the Trofej Beograd 96

Wrong type	Hen Vipheak	Hen Vipheak	PER	ORG	The judge overturned a decision to shut down Hen Vipheak 's newspaper .

Wrong type	New York-based	New York-based	MISC	LOC	Chinese police have detained veteran dissident Wang Donghai , the New York-based pressure group Human Rights in China said on Saturday .

Wrong type	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM	ORG	MISC	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM RETIRES .

Wrong type		ISDN	O	ORG	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	North		LOC	O	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong type	Onarheim	Onarheim	LOC	PER	Think of all that mixed together , with twisted , wrecked parts on the slope , " Onarheim , 29 , told Reuters .

Wrong type		Comex	O	ORG	Silver , basis the September contract on New York 's Comex market , was expected to find support at between $ 5.12 - $ 5.15 an ounce and meet resistance from $ 5.25 - $ 5.30 , they added .

Wrong type		major league-leading	O	MISC	Brown ( 14-10 ) tied Todd Stottlemyre of the Cardinals for the National League lead with his fifth complete game and lowered his major league-leading earned run average from 1.96 to 1.92 .

Wrong type		cables	O	ORG	Italian tyre and cables giant Pirelli on Friday announced its long-awaited move into China with a cables joint venture set to capitalise on the rapidly-growing Chinese telecommunications market .

Wrong type	Leicester	Leicester	LOC	ORG	Former Wallaby captain Michael Lynagh began his career in English club rugby in impeccable fashion on Saturday to frustrate his old coach Bob Dwyer on his league coaching debut with Leicester .

Wrong type	Deportivo Coruna	Deportivo Coruna	ORG	PER	The Brazilian 's 79th-minute effort was enough to earn Real a point from a scrappy 1-1 draw at fellow title contenders Deportivo Coruna .

Wrong type	Frater	Frater	PER	ORG	Frater declined to give a forecast for the full year , ahead of a supervisory board meeting next week .

Wrong boundary	Salomon Bros .	Salomon Bros	ORG	ORG	" We had two very strong economic reports , " said David Shulman , Salomon Bros . '

Wrong boundary	U.S.	U.S. avocado	LOC	LOC	But U.S. avocado industry sources said that while they may have delayed the plan for a while , they ultimately do not expect the administration to change its position .

Wrong type	Sharetsky		PER	O	Lukashenko 's aides shrugged off Sharetsky 's charge . "

Wrong type	North Korean Red Cross	North Korean Red Cross	ORG	MISC	" ...I request the immediate repatriation of Kim In-so to North Korea where his family is waiting , " North Korean Red Cross president Li Song-ho said in a telephone message to his southern couterpart , Kang Young-hoon .

Wrong type	Eugene	Eugene	ORG	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .

Wrong boundary	National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign	National Automobile Occupant	ORG	ORG	Janet Dewey , executive director of the industry-funded National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign , said most of the injuries to children occurred because they were not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type		Bund	O	MISC	The September Bund future on the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange ( LIFFE ) was trading at 97.18 , down 0.20 from Thursday 's settlement price .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Damascus	Damascus radio	LOC	ORG	" Israel could not confront a united Arab stand or usurp their rights because the Arab rights could be regained when they achieve unity and solidarity , " Damascus radio said .

Wrong type		government of Canada	O	ORG	The government of Canada 's cash balances fell in the week that ended August 28 , the Bank of Canada said on Friday .

Wrong type	Barvikha		LOC	O	Yastrzhembsky said Yeltsin had travelled from the hospital to spend the night at the Barvikha sanatorium outside Moscow .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	MISC	U.S. plans rely heavily on U.S. air attacks on Iraqi forces , but there are also 23,000 U.S. troops in the region , according to defense officials .

Wrong type	Watsonians	Watsonians	ORG	PER	Jed-Forest 17 Watsonians 54

Wrong type	Nagorno-Karabakh		LOC	O	" The main subject ( of the talks ) was the search for a peaceful solution for Nagorno-Karabakh , " the source said .

Wrong type	Flight 150		MISC	O	They were accused of taking over Flight 150 which was flying from Khartoum , Sudan , to Amman , Jordan .

Wrong boundary	Chinese	Chinese Nationalist	MISC	MISC	Chen , a former army secretary of the Chinese Nationalist regime which fled from mainland China to Taiwan in 1949 , pleaded guilty to trafficking 42 kg ( 92 pounds ) of drugs that could have been turned into 25 kg ( 55 pounds ) of heroin .

Wrong type	SPRINGBOKS	SPRINGBOKS	ORG	PER	RUGBY UNION - SPRINGBOKS FINALLY BREAK ALL BLACK SPELL .

Wrong type		polar	O	MISC	Police and local officials have sealed off the crash site , protecting it from intrusive reporters and from the polar bears that roam freely across the icy expanses .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S.	U.S. army	LOC	ORG	1994 - The Stars and Stripes flag was lowered for the last time over U.S. army headquarters in Berlin , formally ending the American presence in the once-divided city after nearly half a century .

Wrong type	Ohio-based KeyCorp	Ohio-based KeyCorp	MISC	ORG	Among those seen as having an interest in buying in Missouri are Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. and Norwest Corp. , Ohio-based KeyCorp and Banc One Corp. , and First Chicago NBD Corp. in Illinois .

Wrong boundary	Minsk Group	Minsk	ORG	ORG	Interfax said the discussions were being held in parallel with peace talks mediated by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) and the broad-based Minsk Group of countries led by Russia and Finland .

Wrong type		sanatorium	O	LOC	Yastrzhembsky said Yeltsin had travelled from the hospital to spend the night at the Barvikha sanatorium outside Moscow .

Wrong type	Arctic	Arctic	MISC	LOC	Sombre mood on Arctic island after plane crash .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	President Bill Clinton on Friday ordered the U.S. military to ready itself for any possible action as Washington turned up the heat in an escalating crisis over Iraqi troop movements in northern Iraq .

Wrong type	Surinam		LOC	O	Assault charges dropped against Surinam ex-rebel .

Wrong type	Waugh	Waugh	PER	LOC	Waugh .

Wrong type	Larisa Sayenko	Larisa Sayenko	PER	ORG	Larisa Sayenko

Wrong type	Commerce		ORG	O	" In July , average weekly hours and average hourly earnings declined , more than offsetting the effect of an increase in employment , " Commerce said .

Wrong type	Sun		ORG	O	Professor David McLeod , who examined Bruno , told the Sun : " There is a risk he could be blinded in the eye if he steps into the ring again .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	A Reuters reporter who entered Mahala on Saturday morning found it tranquil but NATO troops and U.N. police were seen on the ground and NATO helicopters flew overhead .

Wrong type	Arbil	Arbil	LOC	ORG	The KDP charges that the rival Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , which took control of Arbil in fighting in December 1994 , has backing from Iran .

Wrong boundary	Vancouver IndyCar	Vancouver	LOC	LOC	Sunday 's Vancouver IndyCar race after final qualifying on

Wrong type		Timor	O	LOC	Around 2,000 of Indonesia 's controversial Timor national car made by Kia Motor Corp of South Korea arrived at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port on Thursday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boston-based Reagan Communications	Boston-based Reagan	MISC	LOC	A 20-ton piece of the Titanic 's steel hull , which had been attached by cables to a recovery ship off the coast of Newfoundland , Canada , fell back to the bottom of the sea , said Erin Purcell of Boston-based Reagan Communications that represents two of the ships used in the expedition .

Wrong boundary	Hector " Macho " Camacho	Hector " Macho	PER	PER	Duran , whose 97-12 record spans three decades , hopes a win in the 10-round bout will earn him a rematch against Puerto Rico 's Hector " Macho " Camacho .

Wrong type		democratically	O	MISC	Some 150,000 people -- mostly civilians -- have died in Burundi since 1993 when the country 's first democratically elected Hutu president was killed in an attempted army coup .

Wrong type	Amman-bound	Amman-bound	MISC	LOC	The hijack began on Monday when an Amman-bound plane was taken over shortly after it took off from Khartoum .

Wrong type	Baltimore	Baltimore	ORG	LOC	Baltimore 's Eddie Murray cracked his 20th homer of the season and 499th of his career .

Wrong type	A$		MISC	O	NSW Treasury launched a A$ 100 million three-year discount bond aimed at Japanese investors .

Wrong type	Leeds	Leeds	LOC	ORG	At Headingley ( Leeds ) : Yorkshire 290 and 329 ( R. Kettleborough 108 , G. Hamilton 61 ; P. Such 8-118 ) , Essex 372 and 100-5 .

Wrong boundary	The Sunday Telegraph	Sunday Telegraph 	ORG	ORG	The Sunday Telegraph quoted Majorie Orr as saying she did a horoscope chart for Thatcher , a Libran , after she narrowly escaped death in the Irish guerrilla bombing of a hotel during the Conservative Party conference more than a decade ago .

Wrong type	Seattle	Seattle	ORG	LOC	Texas 's lead over Seattle in the West increased to six .

Wrong type		northern	O	MISC	North Korea demanded on Saturday that South Korea return a northern war veteran who has been in the South since the 1950-53 war , Seoul 's unification ministry said .

Wrong type		democracy	O	ORG	Suu Kyi said at least 61 democracy supporters had been arrested since May , and about 30 of them had been sentenced , most to long prison terms .

Wrong type	Liutauras Stremaitis	Liutauras Stremaitis	PER	ORG	Liutauras Stremaitis

Wrong type		foreign ministry	O	ORG	The foreign ministry later announced Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy would visit Bonn for talks with his German counterpart Klaus Kinkel next month .

Wrong type	Zairean	Zairean	MISC	LOC	Zairean Prime Minister Kengo wa Dondo said at the end of a visit to Rwanda last week that the Zairean and Rwandan governments agreed on an " organised , massive and unconditional repatriation " of the 1.1 million Rwandan refugees in Zaire .

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	The hard-serving O'Brien , a former U.S. collegiate national champion , fired up 17 aces to ultimately subdue the never-say-die Washington .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Dutch	Dutch transport ministry	MISC	ORG	The Dutch transport ministry had come in for pressure from a cross-section of Dutch members of parliaments in May this year , some of whom believed the aircraft had been carrying unlisted , dangerous goods .

Wrong type	Philadelphia	Philadelphia	ORG	LOC	" I would like to thank the Eagles organisation and the wonderful fans of Philadelphia for supporting me throughout my career , " Cunningham said .

Wrong type	Farrakhan	Farrakhan	PER	ORG	U.S. tight-lipped on Libya 's award to Farrakhan .

Wrong boundary	Jackson Hole symposium	Jackson Hole	MISC	MISC	Earlier in the day , Fed chairman Alan Greenspan said at the annual Jackson Hole symposium that the goal of price stability is within reach for major nations .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Damascus Radio	Damascus	ORG	LOC	" Practices of the Israeli government , especially its settlement activities , came to confirm that dealing with this government inflicts the biggest harm on the Arab cause , " state-run Damascus Radio said in a commentary .

Wrong type	Drazek		PER	O	" We could lift the ban tomorrow , but that would not mean anything immediately , " said Drazek . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Venice Film Festival	Venice	MISC	LOC	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong boundary	Douglas & Lomason 	Family-controlled Douglas & Lomason	ORG	ORG	Family-controlled Douglas & Lomason , which had 1995 revenue of $ 561 million , was finding it more difficult to compete for new seating contracts from vehicle makers , said James Hoey , chief financial officer .

Wrong type	Nyerere		PER	O	Italy 's Dini meets Burundi negotiator Nyerere .

Wrong type		grand slam	O	MISC	It was Incaviglia 's sixth grand slam and 200th homer of his career .

Wrong type	Chechens	Chechens	MISC	LOC	Chechens exuberant but cautious on peace deal .

Wrong type	Transylvanian	Transylvanian	MISC	LOC	Comelf , based in the central Transylvanian town of Bistrita , manufactures water purification equipment , machinery for the thermal power sector and other equipment .

Wrong boundary	Romania	Romania cen	LOC	LOC	Romania cen bank one-week rate rises to 50.19 pct .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Nyerere arrived in Rome this week on a private visit and held talks with the U.S. special envoy to Burundi , Howard Wolpe , and the Sant ' Egidio Community , an Italian Roman Catholic organisation which has been monitoring Burundi closely .

Wrong type		war-devastated	O	LOC	The International Amateur Athletic Federation said on Friday that a schedule reshuffle had allowed organisers to hold a men 's triple jump as well as the women 's long jump on the " one usable runway at the war-devastated " Kosevo stadium .

Wrong boundary	Trofej Beograd 96	Trofej	MISC	MISC	Results in the Trofej Beograd 96

Wrong type	Boatmen 's		ORG	O	Boatmen 's was the prize in Missouri , where barriers to outside acquirers were brought down last year by a federal banking statute .

Wrong type	Recber		PER	O	Belgium 's best second-half effort came three minutes later when Degryse put the ball over the bar from close range with Recber beaten .

Wrong type	Onarheim		LOC	O	Think of all that mixed together , with twisted , wrecked parts on the slope , " Onarheim , 29 , told Reuters .

Wrong type	All-England Club		ORG	O	Tarango , whose Wimbledon tantrum two years ago brought him a $ 28,000 fine and suspension from this year 's tournament at the All-England Club , argued calls and taunted fans in his lively two hour , 24 minute tango with Rios on the grandstand .

Wrong type	Brent		ORG	O	20202.87 ( - 350.29 ) Sept Brent zinc per tonne

Wrong boundary	The Curragh	Curragh 	LOC	LOC	metres ) at The Curragh on Saturday :

Wrong type	WBA	WBA	ORG	MISC	A powerful right hook followed by a straight left gave defending champion Nate Miller a seventh round knock-out win over fellow American James Heath in their WBA cruiserweight title bout on Saturday .

Wrong type	Swede		MISC	O	After Parnevik started off his round by parring the first hole and bogeying the second , the Swede birdied six of the next seven holes .

Wrong type	LYNAGH	LYNAGH	PER	ORG	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong type		Prince Eugene	O	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .




***** count = 4 *****
Wrong boundary	Freedom Front	Freedom Front party	ORG	ORG	Constand Viljoen , leader of the Freedom Front party , told a news conference in Pretoria self-determination for Afrikaners could begin at local government level .

Wrong type	Real	Real	ORG	PER	Real looked to be in deep trouble shortly after the break when Luis Milla was sent off for committing two bookable offences in as many minutes .

Wrong type		grant arrears	O	LOC	The government of Chad has closed N'Djamena University after two days of protests over grant arrears in which Education Minister Nagoum Yamassoum was held hostage for four hours , state radio said on Friday .

Wrong type	Parnevik		PER	O	After Parnevik started off his round by parring the first hole and bogeying the second , the Swede birdied six of the next seven holes .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	British Labour Party	British	ORG	MISC	British Labour Party leader Tony Blair won a narrow victory on Saturday when the party 's Scottish executive voted 21-18 in favour of his plans for a referendum on a separate parliament for Scotland .

Wrong type		blatantly	O	PER	At the same time , they 're cheering blatantly against me .

Wrong type	Chechens	Chechens	MISC	LOC	Lebed , Chechens sign framework political deal .

Wrong type		Bldg auth	O	PER	ISSUE : Bldg auth ( law enforcement ctr ) Series 1996-A TAX STAT : Exempt-REV

Wrong boundary	Russia 	new Russia	LOC	LOC	Barentsburg is an even grimmer place , a run-down testament to the hardships of the new Russia .

Wrong type	Mishi Saran	Mishi Saran	PER	ORG	Mishi Saran

Wrong type	90	90	LOC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Boston-based Reagan Communications	Boston-based Reagan Communications	MISC	LOC	A 20-ton piece of the Titanic 's steel hull , which had been attached by cables to a recovery ship off the coast of Newfoundland , Canada , fell back to the bottom of the sea , said Erin Purcell of Boston-based Reagan Communications that represents two of the ships used in the expedition .

Wrong type	Zycie Warszawy	Zycie Warszawy	ORG	PER	Zycie Warszawy said the new , open consortium , which also included several listed Polish firms , would on Monday inform Privatisation Minister Wieslaw Kaczmarek of its plans .

Wrong type	GASCOIGNE		PER	O	SOCCER - INCE EXPOSED BY GASCOIGNE 'S LATEST PRANK .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Pan Am flight 103	Pan Am	MISC	ORG	The Treasury Department said Libya was on the U.S. list of states that sponsor international terrorism and noted that Tripoli has refused to hand over two Libyan suspects in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland .

Wrong type	Democracy Wall	Democracy Wall	ORG	MISC	Last month , Wang , 45 , a veteran dissident of the 1979 Democracy Wall movement , was ordered to serve one year of " re-education through labour " , but released because of poor health .

Wrong type	IRA	IRA	ORG	MISC	Controversial IRA film screened at Venice festival .

Wrong type	The Curragh		LOC	O	metres ) at The Curragh on Saturday :

Wrong type	VANCOUVER INDYCAR	VANCOUVER INDYCAR	LOC	MISC	MOTOR RACING - LEADING QUALIFIERS FOR VANCOUVER INDYCAR RACE .

Wrong type	Hizbollah		ORG	O	A committee monitoring the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hizbollah guerrillas will meet in south Lebanon on Sunday to discuss an Israeli complaint against the Islamic group , the Israeli army said .

Wrong type		democracy	O	ORG	In May the government launched a sweeping crackdown on the democracy movement , detaining over 260 members of Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy ( NLD ) ahead of a party congress .

Wrong type	Dole	Dole	PER	ORG	The Dole campaign released a letter Friday inviting their Clinton counterparts to meet with Dole campaign manager Scott Reed to discuss particulars of the televised debates .

Wrong type	Federal Open Market Committee		ORG	O	While the market continues to price-in higher U.S. interest rates , there was little conviction to the theory that the Federal Reserve would tighten rates before the next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on September 24 .

Wrong type	Arbil		LOC	O	Britain condemns Iraq involvement in Arbil attack .

Wrong type		province	O	LOC	South African right-wing Afrikaners on Saturday revived their campaign for a form of self-rule , identifying a sparsely-populated area in Northern Cape province as the best place for a home of their own .

Wrong type		d'affaires	O	PER	" They asked me to call in the Israeli charge d'affaires and discuss the matter with him , " he added .

Wrong type	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS		MISC	O	HORSE RACING - TATTERSALLS BREEDERS STAKES RESULT .

Wrong type	Texan	Texan	MISC	PER	The Texan blasted in two aces to hold serve at 5-2 and then converted his eighth match point for victory when Washington found the net with another backhand from 40-0 .

Wrong type	Boatmen 's		ORG	O	" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .

Wrong type	Comelf	Comelf	ORG	PER	Romanian listed state engineer Comelf said it almost doubled six-month output , with net profit rising by 33 percent to 1.069 billion lei .

Wrong boundary	California	California avocado	LOC	LOC	" From a common-sense view , the department should reconsider this plan , but due to politics they will probably go ahead with this , " said Tom Bellamore of the California avocado group .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	MISC	We have in no way seen any Iraqi troops in the city or in its approaches , " a U.N. relief official told Reuters .

Wrong boundary	England	England scrum-half Kyran Bracken	LOC	LOC	French centre Philippe Sella also enjoyed a good game alongside Lynagh , although the home team scored only one try through England scrum-half Kyran Bracken .

Wrong type	LENTINI		PER	O	SOCCER - MILAN 'S LENTINI MOVES TO ATALANTA .

Wrong type	LEICESTER	LEICESTER	ORG	LOC	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .

Wrong type	Penske Mercedes-Benz	Penske Mercedes-Benz	ORG	PER	7. Al Unser Jr ( U.S. ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.683

Wrong type	OIC		ORG	O	Manila hails Indonesia , OIC for peace deal support .

Wrong type		WBO	O	MISC	BOXING - PRINCE NASEEM RETAINS WBO FEATHERWEIGHT TITLE .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Peking Protocol	Peking	MISC	LOC	1901 - In China , the Boxer Rising which attempted to drive out all foreigners officially ended with the signing of the Peking Protocol .

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	LOC	The PUK accuses the KDP of collaborating with Baghdad .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Islamic Group	Islamic	ORG	MISC	Police have detained 26 suspected members of Egypt 's largest militant group al-Gama'a al-Islamiya ( Islamic Group ) , government newspapers reported on Friday .

Wrong type		east gold	O	LOC	Workers at Driefontein Consolidated Ltd 's east gold mine have failed to report for work since Wednesday night , mine managers Gold Fields of South Africa Ltd said on Friday .

Wrong type	Far Eastern	Far Eastern	MISC	LOC	The move marks a further move by Pirelli 's cables division to expand in the fast-growing Far Eastern developing markets with the group already present in Indonesia , India and Malaysia .

Wrong boundary	Boxer Rising	Boxer	MISC	MISC	1901 - In China , the Boxer Rising which attempted to drive out all foreigners officially ended with the signing of the Peking Protocol .

Wrong type		C-4	O	MISC	Eight claymore mines fitted with powerful C-4 plastic explosives were found stashed in a real estate office on Friday located about two blocks from Colombia 's presidential palace , police said .

Wrong type	Azeris	Azeris	MISC	ORG	An uneasy ceasefire has prevailed in Nagorno-Karabakh , which represents around 20 percent of Azeri territory , since May 1994 after ethnic Armenians drove Azeris out of the region .

Wrong type		euphemism	O	MISC	The pressure group said Wang would be sent to a study class , often a euphemism in China for ideological reform .

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	Initially Poland offered up to 75 percent of Ruch but in March Kaczmarek cancelled the tender and offered a minority stake with an option to increase the equity .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The 23,000 U.S. military people already in the Gulf consist of 15,000 sailors and Marines , 6,000 U.S. servicemen based primarily in Saudi Arabia and 2,000 U.S. troops in the area for military exercises .

Wrong type	London-based	London-based	MISC	LOC	A London-based spokesman of the Iraqi National Congress said Iraqi artillery was shelling the city and Iraqi tanks had advanced to within 10 km ( six miles ) of Arbil , the administrative centre of the Kurdish rebel-controlled region of northern Iraq .

Wrong boundary	N'Djamena University	N'Djamena	ORG	ORG	The government of Chad has closed N'Djamena University after two days of protests over grant arrears in which Education Minister Nagoum Yamassoum was held hostage for four hours , state radio said on Friday .

Wrong type		ocean	O	LOC	The piece of hull , lifted from the ocean floor by means of several diesel-filled bags , had been stuck about 200 feet ( about 70 metres ) below the water 's surface before it fell , she said .

Wrong type	Ince		PER	O	Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .

Wrong boundary	VANCOUVER INDYCAR	VANCOUVER	LOC	LOC	MOTOR RACING - LEADING QUALIFIERS FOR VANCOUVER INDYCAR RACE .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	East Dries	East	ORG	LOC	East Dries miners fail to report for work .

Wrong type	DSE	DSE	ORG	MISC	The DSE all share price index closed 2.73 points or 0.22 percent up at 1,196.35 on a turnover of 133.7 million taka on Thursday .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc.	Bancshares Inc. 	ORG	ORG	The $ 9.5 billion proposed acquisition of Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. by NationsBank Corp. could spark a flurry of other mergers involving Missouri banks , which until last year were protected from outside buyers by state regulations .

Wrong type	Acimovic	Acimovic	PER	ORG	The airport in Surcin will continue to carry out all other activities and has secured enough buses to transport passengers to Batajnica , Acimovic said .

Wrong type		equities	O	ORG	" Seven percent creates psychological problems and a legitimate competitor for money from equities , " said Ralph Bloch , chief technical analyst at Raymond James .

Wrong type	Viorel Moldovan	Viorel Moldovan	PER	ORG	Romania - Viorel Moldovan ( 21st minute ) , Dan Petrescu ( 65th ) , Constantin Galca ( 77th )

Wrong boundary	U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon	U.N.	ORG	ORG	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong boundary	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields	ORG	ORG	At least 17 miners have been killed in labour unrest -- sparked by ethnic differences -- at Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co this month .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	British Universities	British	ORG	MISC	June 25-27 v British Universities ( at Oxford , three days )

Wrong boundary	Li In-mo	Li	PER	PER	South Korea in 1993 unconditionally repatriated Li In-mo , a nothern partisan seized by the South during the war and jailed for more than three decades .

Wrong boundary	Wolsey 	Cardinal Wolsey	PER	PER	Best known for appearances in " Ice Cold in Alex " , " Lawrence of Arabia " and , as Cardinal Wolsey , in " Anne of a Thousand Days " .

Wrong type	Penske Mercedes-Benz	Penske Mercedes-Benz	ORG	PER	6. Paul Tracy ( Canada ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.620

Wrong type		anti-separatist	O	MISC	Urus-Martan is a traditionally anti-separatist pocket in Chechnya and Moscow-backed leader Doku Zavgayev , who has been sidelined in the peace deal , has warned that it and places like it could become centres of civil war if Russian troops leave .

Wrong type	BERLIN GRAND PRIX	BERLIN GRAND PRIX	MISC	LOC	ATHLETICS - BERLIN GRAND PRIX RESULTS .

Wrong type	Herfried Sabitzer	Herfried Sabitzer	PER	ORG	Austria : Michael Konsel , Markus Schopp , Peter Schoettel , Anton Pfeffer , Wolfgang Feiersinger , Stephan Marasek , Dieter Ramusch ( Andreas Ogris 77th ) , Dietmar Kuehbauer , Anton Polster ( ( Herfried Sabitzer 68th ) , Andreas Herzog , Andreas Heraf .

Wrong type	EL SALVADOR	EL SALVADOR	LOC	ORG	SOCCER - U.S. BEAT EL SALVADOR 3-1 .

Wrong type	Chicago	Chicago	LOC	ORG	Danny Tartabull added two hits and three RBI as all Chicago starters got at least one hit .

Wrong type	Rangoon		LOC	O	" The main purpose of this press conference is to make it known to the world that the authorities are misusing the law all the time in order to try to crush the democracy movement , " Suu Kyi told reporters at her Rangoon home .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Kansai International Airport	Kansai International	ORG	LOC	Next week Kansai Electric Power and Kansai International Airport are likely to launch 10-year dollar deals .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Schindler 's List	Schindler	MISC	PER	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong type	King		PER	O	" We will wait until the last minute so we check with everybody and their injuries , " said King . "

Wrong type		bat Bohdan Ulihrach	O	ORG	Petr Korda ( Czech Republic ) bat Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech

Wrong boundary	Corentine Martins	Martins 	PER	PER	Deportivo started strongly , taking the lead midway through the first half when former Auxerre playmaker Corentine Martins headed home a corner after a flick-on by Brazilian-born Spanish international midfielder Donato .

Wrong type		WBO	O	ORG	BOXING - PRINCE NASEEM RETAINS WBO FEATHERWEIGHT TITLE .

Wrong type	Arif Erdem		PER	O	But they were almost upset 12 minutes from time when De Wilde fumbled a hard Arif Erdem shot and Orhan Cikirikci almost pounced on the loose ball .

Wrong type	Cofinec		ORG	O	Cofinec plunges on H1 results .

Wrong type	KDP		ORG	O	U.N. relief officials said they were not aware that the tanks advancing on Arbil were manned by Iraqi troops as they advanced from KDP-controlled areas and raised KDP flags .

Wrong type	Texas	Texas	ORG	LOC	Texas 's lead over Seattle in the West increased to six .

Wrong boundary	Khmer Nation Party	Khmer Nation	ORG	ORG	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	1994 - The Stars and Stripes flag was lowered for the last time over U.S. army headquarters in Berlin , formally ending the American presence in the once-divided city after nearly half a century .

Wrong boundary	Lada Togliatti	Lada	ORG	ORG	The head of the Russian league 's disciplinary committee , Anatoly Gorokhovsky , said on Friday that Rotor would play Lada Togliatti to empty stands on September 3 .

Wrong type	REPUBLIKA	REPUBLIKA	ORG	MISC	REPUBLIKA

Wrong type	Blitz		MISC	O	1940 - In World War Two the German airforce under Hermann Goering began its " Blitz " bombing campaign on London .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	PER	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc. , a bank holding company with $ 18.04 billion in assets , was seen by many analysts as the most attractive Missouri franchise in size after Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	OSCE		ORG	O	" The OSCE is completely involved .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	" We expect the international community to take a clear and firm position , based on international law and in accordance with U.N. resolutions , against all such Israeli violations and illegal practices , " he said .

Wrong type		M3	O	ORG	M3 482.13 480.72 461.42

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc. , a bank holding company with $ 18.04 billion in assets , was seen by many analysts as the most attractive Missouri franchise in size after Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	Pan Am	Pan Am	ORG	MISC	Green flags and banners praise the " great revolution " and promise defiance against United Nations sanctions imposed for Libya 's refusal to hand over for trial two suspects wanted in connection with the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am flight over Lockerbie , Scotland .

Wrong type	Tsang		PER	O	HK has infrastructure in place for post-97 - Tsang .

Wrong type	Cleveland	Cleveland	ORG	LOC	" It 's not something I 'm going to try to explain , " said Texas manager Johnny Oates about his team winning seven of the 10 meetings from Cleveland this season .

Wrong type	Fal	Fal	MISC	LOC	On Tuesday , thieves stole about 40 forearms from a shooting range in southern Belgium , including Kalashnikov , Uzi and Fal automatic weapons .

Wrong type	Lynagh	Lynagh	PER	ORG	French centre Philippe Sella also enjoyed a good game alongside Lynagh , although the home team scored only one try through England scrum-half Kyran Bracken .

Wrong boundary	Barvikha	Barvikha sanatorium	LOC	LOC	Yastrzhembsky said Yeltsin had travelled from the hospital to spend the night at the Barvikha sanatorium outside Moscow .

Wrong type		tour	O	MISC	four one-day warm-up matches at the start of the tour .

Wrong type	FOMC	FOMC	ORG	MISC	Traders said the Fed 's decision to adopt a tightening bias at the July FOMC meeting has cast more focus on every piece of U.S. economic news .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Red Shirts	Red	MISC	ORG	1860 - Giuseppe Garibaldi leading his " Red Shirts " seized Naples in the Italian war of liberation against the Austrians .

Wrong type		pardoned	O	ORG	Cambodian opposition newspaper editor pardoned .

Wrong type	FOMC		ORG	O	The policy-making FOMC is to meet on Sept .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Arctic	Arctic island	MISC	LOC	Sombre mood on Arctic island after plane crash .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bangladesh Lamps	Bangladesh	ORG	LOC	Brokers said blue chips like IDLC , Bangladesh Lamps , Chittagong Cement and Atlas Bangladesh were expected to rise .

Wrong boundary	Pan Am flight 103	Pan Am	MISC	MISC	The Treasury Department said Libya was on the U.S. list of states that sponsor international terrorism and noted that Tripoli has refused to hand over two Libyan suspects in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland .

Wrong type	KOMPAS	KOMPAS	ORG	PER	KOMPAS

Wrong type		Dublin-born	O	LOC	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .




***** count = 3 *****
Wrong type	JAKARTA POST	JAKARTA POST	ORG	LOC	JAKARTA POST

Wrong type		dissident	O	PER	Wang was arrested in the east China city of Hangzhou by security officers who told the dissident 's family he would be sent to a study class -- a euphemism for coercive ideological reform .

Wrong type	Mauritania	Mauritania	LOC	PER	Mauritania drew 0-0 with Benin in their African Nations Cup preliminary round , second leg soccer match on Friday .

Wrong type	Hizbollah		ORG	O	Hizbollah ( Party of God ) gunmen have waged a guerrilla war to oust Israel from the area .

Wrong boundary	MARTELA	MARTELA H1	ORG	ORG	MARTELA H1 PROFIT FIM 6.3 MLN VS 21.0 MLN .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Amateur Championship	U.S.	MISC	MISC	Woods , who turned pro Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , almost eagled the 18th hole .

Wrong type	Artisans for Peace		MISC	O	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type		GDRs	O	ORG	Cofinec 's Global Depositary Receipts ( GDRs ) opened at 5,200 forints on the BSE , down 600 from Thursday 's close , following the release of its first half results this morning .

Wrong type	Far Eastern		MISC	O	The move marks a further move by Pirelli 's cables division to expand in the fast-growing Far Eastern developing markets with the group already present in Indonesia , India and Malaysia .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ	MISC	ORG	BASKETBALLSOCCER - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong boundary	Bohdan Ulihrach 	bat Bohdan Ulihrach	PER	PER	Petr Korda ( Czech Republic ) bat Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech

Wrong type	Real	Real	ORG	PER	Shortly afterwards Roberto Carlos found space in the home defence and equalised for Real with a shot that was deflected past despairing Deportivo ' keeper Jacques Songo'o .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	U.N. officials said more than 1,000 aid workers will take part in the census from Sunday until Tuesday of the estimated 727,000 refugees in camps around the eastern Zairean border town of Goma .

Wrong type		unification ministry	O	ORG	North Korea demanded on Saturday that South Korea return a northern war veteran who has been in the South since the 1950-53 war , Seoul 's unification ministry said .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bay Co Bldg Auth	Bay Co	ORG	LOC	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong type	Puig	Puig	PER	ORG	Granma called " Sleeping Bread " Puig 's " greatest gift to the modern novel in our America . "

Wrong boundary	Jiangsu	Jiangsu province	LOC	LOC	Pirelli is linking with Hong Kong-based group CITIC Pacific in a venture to be called the Wuxi Tong Ling Company Ltd , which will operate in partnership with a local industrial company at its existing factory in Wuxi , Jiangsu province , Shanghai .

Wrong boundary	Brown Deer Park Golf Course	Deer Park Golf Course 	LOC	LOC	6,739-yard Brown Deer Park Golf Course after the first round

Wrong type	Peking Protocol	Peking Protocol	MISC	LOC	1901 - In China , the Boxer Rising which attempted to drive out all foreigners officially ended with the signing of the Peking Protocol .

Wrong boundary	All-England Club	All-England	ORG	ORG	Tarango , whose Wimbledon tantrum two years ago brought him a $ 28,000 fine and suspension from this year 's tournament at the All-England Club , argued calls and taunted fans in his lively two hour , 24 minute tango with Rios on the grandstand .

Wrong boundary	Gazzetta dello Sport	dello Sport 	ORG	ORG	The Gazzetta dello Sport said the deal would cost Atalanta around $ 600,000 .

Wrong type		PMI	O	ORG	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type		Conservatives	O	MISC	Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Kansai Electric Power	Kansai	ORG	LOC	Next week Kansai Electric Power and Kansai International Airport are likely to launch 10-year dollar deals .

Wrong type	Mahala	Mahala	LOC	PER	that up to 75 Moslem men are believed to be approaching Mahala , " NATO spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Max Marriner said in Sarajevo .

Wrong type		pardoned	O	PER	Cambodian opposition newspaper editor pardoned .

Wrong type	Wallaby	Wallaby	ORG	MISC	Former Wallaby captain Michael Lynagh began his career in English club rugby in impeccable fashion on Saturday to frustrate his old coach Bob Dwyer on his league coaching debut with Leicester .

Wrong type		pen	O	PER	Canada - Aunger ( 41st min , pen ) , Paul Peschisolido ( 42nd ) , Carlo Corrazin ( 87th )

Wrong type	Enterprise		MISC	O	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type		Commerce	O	ORG	Commerce said previously that spending at retail stores was up only 0.1 percent in July , partly because of softer sales of new cars and light trucks .

Wrong type		democracy	O	ORG	Burma 's democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi hit out at the government on Saturday for recent arrests and jailing of activists , saying the military abused the law to try to crush the democracy movement .

Wrong boundary	Lebanon 	south Lebanon	LOC	LOC	Around 1,000 Israeli troops patrol a 15 km ( nine-mile ) south Lebanon occupation zone which the Jewish state carved out in 1985 to prevent attacks on its northern bordder .

Wrong type	Ruch	Ruch	ORG	PER	Kaczmarek said in May he was unhappy that only one investor ended up bidding for Ruch , in which the government was initially offering up to 35 percent of shares with an option to extend the holding after investment promises are fulfilled .

Wrong type	Carl Vinson	Carl Vinson	MISC	PER	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type	WBA		ORG	O	A powerful right hook followed by a straight left gave defending champion Nate Miller a seventh round knock-out win over fellow American James Heath in their WBA cruiserweight title bout on Saturday .

Wrong type		hero	O	PER	But Yalcin , who had come on just four minutes earlier , turned from hero to villain barely two minutes after his strike when he was sent off after spitting at an opponent and arguing with English referee David Elleray .

Wrong type	East Coast		LOC	O	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Waugh	Waugh	PER	ORG	Waugh .

Wrong type	REPUBLIKA		ORG	O	REPUBLIKA

Wrong boundary	Scottish National Party 	independence-seeking Scottish National Party	ORG	ORG	Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .

Wrong boundary	Kia Motor Corp	Kia Motor Corp of South Korea	ORG	ORG	Around 2,000 of Indonesia 's controversial Timor national car made by Kia Motor Corp of South Korea arrived at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port on Thursday .

Wrong boundary	Human Rights in China	Human Rights	ORG	ORG	Xiao Qiang , executive director of the New York-based group Human Rights in China , said Wang 's arrest on Friday appeared to be part of the national " Strike Hard " campaign that has imprisoned thousands and sent hundreds to their death .

Wrong type		Conservatives	O	ORG	Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .

Wrong type	Mona Eltahawy	Mona Eltahawy	PER	ORG	Mona Eltahawy

Wrong type		avowed	O	MISC	Banisadr , an avowed opponent of the Tehran government who now lives in exile , accused top Iranian leaders of personally ordering the assassination of three exiled Kurdish leaders in a Berlin restaurant in 1992 .

Wrong boundary	Jose Miguel Insulza	Jose Miguel	PER	PER	Albright will meet Foreign Minister Jose Miguel Insulza Monday for talks on issues currently up for debate on the council , of which Chile is a non-permanent member , a U.S. embassy statement said .

Wrong boundary	Sant ' Egidio Community	Sant ' Egidio	ORG	ORG	Nyerere arrived in Rome this week on a private visit and held talks with the U.S. special envoy to Burundi , Howard Wolpe , and the Sant ' Egidio Community , an Italian Roman Catholic organisation which has been monitoring Burundi closely .

Wrong type		World Group II	O	MISC	World Group II , first round ( March 1-2 )

Wrong type	Iraq	Iraq	LOC	MISC	" At 4.50 a.m. Iraq time ( 0050 GMT ) Iraqi forces began an artillery attack on the outskirts of Arbil , " the spokesman , who asked not to be identified , told Reuters in a telephone call .

Wrong type	Prensa Latina		ORG	O	In the same interview , published by Prensa Latina on Saturday , Puig was asked if he feared death . "

Wrong type	Ouedec	Ouedec	PER	ORG	Within four minutes Ouedec was returning the compliment for Djorkaeff , playing a one-two with the Internazionale Milan forward down the middle to set him up for a cross shot past diving goalkeeper Osvaldo Sanchez .

Wrong boundary	Paul Van Himst	Paul Van	PER	PER	we suffered , " said Van Moer , who succeeded Paul Van Himst as coach in April .

Wrong type		foreign ministry	O	ORG	Iranian security forces burst into the home of a German cultural attache in Tehran a month ago and seized his guests for questioning , Bonn 's foreign ministry said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Nikkei	Nikkei	MISC	LOC	Nikkei latest CRUDE OIL $ 1987.0

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	U.S. President Bill Clinton has authorised the repositioning of U.S. firepower in the Gulf region in response to the Iraqi attacks .

Wrong boundary	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS	TATTERSALLS	MISC	MISC	HORSE RACING - TATTERSALLS BREEDERS STAKES RESULT .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Dutch	Dutch criminal investigation service	MISC	ORG	We have also found and arrested her aunt and companion , " said a spokeswoman of the Dutch criminal investigation service .

Wrong type	Ellis Park	Ellis Park	LOC	ORG	South Africa managed to avoid a fifth successive defeat in 1996 at the hands of the All Blacks with an emphatic 32-22 victory in front of an ecstatic Ellis Park crowd on Saturday .

Wrong type		Dublin-born	O	ORG	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type	European	European	MISC	LOC	The number of working rigs in European / Mediterranean remained unchanged this week , with 105 rigs under contract out of a total fleet of 105 , a utilization rate of 100 percent .

Wrong type		irrepressible	O	PER	England 's irrepressible midfielder Paul Gascoigne was up to his old tricks on Saturday , pulling down his team mate Paul Ince 's trousers in front of an astonished crowd in Moldova .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Rochester Fire Department	Rochester	ORG	LOC	As far as I know , it 's been to four alarms -- more trucks , more people , " said Don Penney of the Rochester Fire Department said .

Wrong type	Farrakhan	Farrakhan	PER	ORG	Farrakhan organised last October 's Million Man March that brought thousands of black men to Washington for a peaceful rally .

Wrong boundary	Tattersalls Breeders	Tattersalls	MISC	MISC	Result of the Tattersalls Breeders

Wrong type		PMI	O	MISC	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type		INTERNATIONAL	O	MISC	BASKETBALL - INTERNATIONAL TOURNAMENT RESULT .

Wrong type	WBA	WBA	ORG	MISC	BOXING - MILLER DEFENDS WBA CRUISERWEIGHT TITLE .

Wrong type		fraternities	O	PER	" I played some of my best tennis in college when fraternities were throwing beer on me .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "

Wrong type		seat	O	ORG	Shares of Douglas & Lomason Co were up 4-1/2 at 30-5/8 Friday afternoon after Thursday 's announcement that the vehicle seat maker had agreed to be acquired by Magna International Inc for $ 31 a share , or $ 135 million .

Wrong type	Der Spiegel	Der Spiegel	ORG	PER	Banisadr , who received political asylum in France after fleeing there in 1981 , told Der Spiegel he did not plan to ask for a guarantee of safe conduct .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Minsk Group	Minsk	ORG	LOC	Interfax said the discussions were being held in parallel with peace talks mediated by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) and the broad-based Minsk Group of countries led by Russia and Finland .

Wrong type	Stars and Stripes		MISC	O	1994 - The Stars and Stripes flag was lowered for the last time over U.S. army headquarters in Berlin , formally ending the American presence in the once-divided city after nearly half a century .

Wrong boundary	Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran	Roberto " Hands	PER	PER	Panamanian boxing legend Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran climbs into the ring on Saturday in another age-defying attempt to sustain his long career .

Wrong type	INCE	INCE	PER	ORG	SOCCER - INCE EXPOSED BY GASCOIGNE 'S LATEST PRANK .

Wrong type	FAROES	FAROES	LOC	ORG	SOCCER - SLOVAKIA BEAT FAROES IN WORLD CUP QUALIFIER .

Wrong type	serie A		MISC	O	Former Italian international winger Gianluigi Lentini , transferred to Milan in 1992 for what was believed to be a world record sum , has been loaned to serie A club Atalanta for a year , newspapers reported on Friday .

Wrong type		Wk	O	ORG	Wk to Aug 28 Chg on wk Chg on yr

Wrong boundary + wrong type	HILL	HILL BRANDS	PER	ORG	SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong type	Venice	Venice	LOC	MISC	Controversial IRA film screened at Venice festival .

Wrong type	Yitzak Shamir	Yitzak Shamir	PER	LOC	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong type	U.S. Labour Day	U.S. Labour Day	LOC	MISC	EUROBONDS - Primary market activity was sharply lower , as players wound down ahead of Monday 's U.S. Labour Day holiday and next week 's U.S. employment data .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Welsh	Welsh rugby union	MISC	ORG	Welsh rugby union matches on Saturday :

Wrong type	Sherbatov		PER	O	Sherbatov said the rebels were located about three km ( two miles ) east of Tavildara around the village of Layron .

Wrong type	Return of the Legend		MISC	O	The fight , Duran 's first on home soil for 10 years , is being billed here as the " Return of the Legend " and Duran still talks as if he was in his prime .

Wrong type	Barentsburg		LOC	O	We know many of the people who live in Barentsburg , some of them could have been on the plane , " said Johan Sletten , 52 .

Wrong type	Marines	Marines	MISC	ORG	The 23,000 U.S. military people already in the Gulf consist of 15,000 sailors and Marines , 6,000 U.S. servicemen based primarily in Saudi Arabia and 2,000 U.S. troops in the area for military exercises .

Wrong type	Marines	Marines	MISC	ORG	Most of the Marines are on three ships in the Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group .

Wrong boundary	Standard Liege	Liege 	ORG	ORG	UEFA came down heavily on Belgian club Standard Liege on Friday for " disgraceful behaviour " in an Intertoto final match against Karlsruhe of Germany .

Wrong type	Offshore Data Services		ORG	O	There were 162 rigs under contract in the U.S. Gulf as of August 30 , down one from the prior week , Offshore Data Services said .

Wrong type	NAPM	NAPM	ORG	MISC	U.S. debt futures finished a shortened pre-holiday session sharply lower , as the markets were shaken by a stronger than expected rise in the August National Association of Purchasing Management ( NAPM ) index for the Chicago area , traders and analysts said .

Wrong boundary	Trofej Beograd 96	Trofej Beograd	MISC	MISC	Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Duke of Norfolk 's XI	Duke of Norfolk 's	ORG	ORG	May 15 v Duke of Norfolk 's XI ( at Arundel )

Wrong type		Moribund	O	MISC	Far East Gold - Moribund market seen continuing .

Wrong boundary	Federal Republic of Yugoslavia	Federal Republic	LOC	LOC	The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is the only country of the former Yugoslavia where Poles currently require visas .

Wrong boundary	Open 	two-time Open	MISC	MISC	The 30-year-old Edberg , a former two-time Open champion , had wrestled control of the match away from Karbacher when the German , hampered by a left hamstring injury , decided he could n't continue under the stadium lights at the National Tennis Centre .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong type	Republican	Republican	MISC	LOC	Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .

Wrong boundary	Rustu Recber	Rustu	PER	PER	Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira then gleefully slipped the ball past goalkeeper Rustu Recber from the right of the area to make it 2-0 seven minutes before the interval , Turkey 's best first-half effort proving to be a vicious 30-metre shot by Ogun Temizkanoglu which De Wilde tipped over .

Wrong type	Parnevik		PER	O	Parnevik continued to storm through the course , birdying three holes on the back nine , including two from 12 feet out on the 15th and 17th holes .

Wrong type	Puig	Puig	PER	LOC	The book , which has been translated into 40 languages , deals with a day in the life of Santiago de Cuba , Puig 's native city , under the pre-Castro government of Fulgencio Batista .

Wrong boundary	CFDT	CFDT union	ORG	ORG	A Guinean man , detained in a round-up in the Saint-Bernard church a week ago , was deported on a scheduled Air France flight to Conakry after his appeals failed , a spokesman for Air France 's pro-Socialist CFDT union said .

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	LOC	We got the information from KDP leaders in KDP headquarters in Saladdin , " the official , who asked not to be identified , told Reuters .

Wrong type		e-mail	O	LOC	-- Jeffrey Hodgson ( 416 ) 941-8105 , e-mail : jeffrey.hodgson@reuters.com

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields	ORG	LOC	At least 17 miners have been killed in labour unrest -- sparked by ethnic differences -- at Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co this month .

Wrong type	LME		ORG	O	NY Dow close London opening LME close

Wrong type	Sueddeutsche Zeitung	Sueddeutsche Zeitung	ORG	PER	" For myself , personally , I 've planned things so that that will be the end of me , " the 32-year-old national team captain was quoted as saying by the daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Duke of Norfolk 's XI	Duke	ORG	ORG	May 15 v Duke of Norfolk 's XI ( at Arundel )

Wrong type	Suharto	Suharto	PER	ORG	" I extend the deepest gratitude ... to your excellency for your untiring and invaluable friendship and support , " Ramos told Suharto in a letter .

Wrong boundary	Springbok	Springbok scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen	ORG	ORG	Springbok scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen was his side 's inspiration , scoring their opening try and making the third for flanker Andre Venter from a quickly taken penalty to give his side a 29-8 lead after 54 minutes .

Wrong type		euphemism	O	MISC	Police in Hangzhou , capital of the eastern province of Zhejiang , told Wang 's family that Wang would be sent to a study class , a euphemism for coercive ideological reform , the group said .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon	U.N.	ORG	LOC	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Scottish Labour Party	Scottish	ORG	MISC	Scottish Labour Party narrowly backs referendum .

Wrong type	ATALANTA	ATALANTA	ORG	LOC	SOCCER - MILAN 'S LENTINI MOVES TO ATALANTA .

Wrong type	Ohio-based KeyCorp	Ohio-based KeyCorp	MISC	LOC	Among those seen as having an interest in buying in Missouri are Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. and Norwest Corp. , Ohio-based KeyCorp and Banc One Corp. , and First Chicago NBD Corp. in Illinois .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ BEOGRAD	MISC	PER	BASKETBALL - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong boundary	Midwest 	lower Midwest	LOC	LOC	Kansas City , Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc. , with $ 9.32 billion in assets , also could help a regional bank establish a strong presence in the lower Midwest , analysts added .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	MISC	U.S. President Bill Clinton has authorised the repositioning of U.S. firepower in the Gulf region in response to the Iraqi attacks .

Wrong type		OPEN	O	MISC	TENNIS - SPAIN , U.S. TEAMS OPEN ON ROAD FOR 1997 FED CUP .

Wrong type	Becerril	Becerril	PER	ORG	Mexico - 1 - Osvaldo Sanchez ( 12 - Alfonso Rios 78th ) ; 13 - Pavel Pardo , 2 - Claudio Suarez , 5 - Duilio Davino ( Becerril 46th ) , 4 - German Villa ( 16 - Gomez 86th ) ; 14 - Joaquin del Olmo , 6 - Raul Rodrigo Lara ( 11 - Cuauhtemoc Blanco 65th ) , 8 - Alberto Garcia Aspe , 7 - Ramon Ramirez ( 15 - Jesus Arellano 71st ) ; 18 - Enrique Alfaro ( 17 - Francisco Palencia 78th ) , 10 - Luis Garcia ( 19 - Ricardo Pelaez 69th ) .

Wrong type	NY Dow	NY Dow	MISC	LOC	NY Dow close London opening LME close

Wrong boundary	French 	run-down French	MISC	LOC	Hen Vipheak , former editor of the Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty ) newspaper , stepped through the gates of the run-down French colonial-era T3 prison late Friday afternoon , following intervention on his behalf by King Sihanouk .

Wrong type		Chartered bank	O	ORG	Chartered bank assets July June

Wrong type	Texas	Texas	LOC	ORG	Gonzalez , who hit in 21 straight games earlier this season , joined Mickey Rivers as the only players in Texas history with two 20-game streaks in the same year .

Wrong type	Stars and Stripes	Stars and Stripes	MISC	ORG	1994 - The Stars and Stripes flag was lowered for the last time over U.S. army headquarters in Berlin , formally ending the American presence in the once-divided city after nearly half a century .

Wrong type		holy city	O	LOC	Palestinian President Arafat , attacking Israel 's decision to expand Jewish settlements and its policy on Jerusalem , went before the Palestinian legislature on Wednesday to urge the two million Arabs in the West Bank and Gaza to go to the holy city .

Wrong type	Orrell	Orrell	ORG	PER	Orrell 13 Bath 56

Wrong type	FOMC		ORG	O	Traders said the Fed 's decision to adopt a tightening bias at the July FOMC meeting has cast more focus on every piece of U.S. economic news .

Wrong boundary	Ice Cold in Alex	Ice Cold	MISC	MISC	Best known for appearances in " Ice Cold in Alex " , " Lawrence of Arabia " and , as Cardinal Wolsey , in " Anne of a Thousand Days " .

Wrong type	Pirelli		ORG	O	Pirelli cables look to tap Chinese growth .

Wrong boundary	Pro Bowl	Bowl 	MISC	MISC	A three-time Pro Bowl selection , Cunningham rushed for 4,482 yards on 677 carries .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ BEOGRAD	MISC	ORG	BASKETBALL - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type		NYMEX	O	LOC	NYMEX heating oil near session lows in pre-close .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ BEOGRAD	MISC	ORG	BASKETBALLSOCCER - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type	ERA		MISC	O	He threw 108 pitches as he lowered his ERA from 8.08 to 7.24 .

Wrong boundary	Conservative Party	Conservative	ORG	ORG	The Sunday Telegraph quoted Majorie Orr as saying she did a horoscope chart for Thatcher , a Libran , after she narrowly escaped death in the Irish guerrilla bombing of a hotel during the Conservative Party conference more than a decade ago .

Wrong type	Strike Hard	Strike Hard	MISC	ORG	Xiao Qiang , executive director of the New York-based group Human Rights in China , said Wang 's arrest on Friday appeared to be part of the national " Strike Hard " campaign that has imprisoned thousands and sent hundreds to their death .

Wrong type		setttlements	O	LOC	Norway rules the island group under the terms of a 1920s international treaty which gave many other nations the right to establish setttlements and exploit the coal that is still mined there .

Wrong type	East Dries	East Dries	ORG	LOC	East Dries miners fail to report for work .

Wrong boundary	Islamic 	purist Islamic	MISC	MISC	More than 960 people have been killed in the armed struggle the Gama'a launched in 1992 to topple President Hosni Mubarak 's government and establish a purist Islamic state in its place

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group	Tarawa	ORG	LOC	Most of the Marines are on three ships in the Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group .

Wrong boundary	Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran	Roberto " Hands of Stone	PER	PER	Panamanian boxing legend Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran climbs into the ring on Saturday in another age-defying attempt to sustain his long career .

Wrong type	Penske Mercedes-Benz	Penske Mercedes-Benz	ORG	MISC	6. Paul Tracy ( Canada ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.620

Wrong boundary	Popular Revolutionary Army 	self-styled Popular Revolutionary Army	ORG	ORG	The attack comes a day after rebels of the self-styled Popular Revolutionary Army ( EPR ) launched coordinated attacks in at least three Mexican states , killing up to 14 people and wounding about 20 .

Wrong boundary	Communist Party	Communist	ORG	ORG	Although supposedly aimed at criminals , dozens of human rights activists have been detained in the campaign , which is meant to strengthen the Communist Party 's grip on power as senior leader Deng Xiaoping nears death , Xiao said in an interview .




***** count = 2 *****
Wrong type		oOo-----	O	ORG	----- oOo-----

Wrong boundary	United States 	continental United States	LOC	LOC	U.S. Agriculture Department officials said Friday that Mexican avocados -- which are restricted from entering the continental United States -- will not likely be entering U.S. markets any time soon , even if the controversial ban were lifted today .

Wrong boundary	Billy Ashley	Billy Ashley belted	PER	PER	Billy Ashley belted a three-run homer for Los Angeles .

Wrong type		liberation	O	MISC	1860 - Giuseppe Garibaldi leading his " Red Shirts " seized Naples in the Italian war of liberation against the Austrians .

Wrong boundary	Chicago	Chicago area	LOC	LOC	A separate report from Chicago area purchasing managers underlined the strength in manufacturing as the group 's barometer of manufacturing in the region jumped to 60 in August from 51.2 in July .

Wrong boundary	Lindsay	Lindsay ) Davenport	PER	PER	What we like would be Seles , ( Olympic champion Lindsay ) Davenport and Mary Joe Fernandez . "

Wrong type		1905-1908	O	PER	As Liberal prime minister 1905-1908 he granted self-government to the Transvaal .

Wrong type	Schindler 's List	Schindler 's List	MISC	PER	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	He added that the OSCE was the only international body which has been allowed into the Chechnya to monitor the human rights situation there , but that its means were restricted by the fact that the conflict was a " internal issue " .

Wrong type	Yitzak Shamir	Yitzak Shamir	PER	MISC	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong type	London-based		MISC	O	A London-based spokesman of the Iraqi National Congress said Iraqi artillery was shelling the city and Iraqi tanks had advanced to within 10 km ( six miles ) of Arbil , the administrative centre of the Kurdish rebel-controlled region of northern Iraq .

Wrong type	BSE	BSE	MISC	ORG	Cofinec 's Global Depositary Receipts ( GDRs ) opened at 5,200 forints on the BSE , down 600 from Thursday 's close , following the release of its first half results this morning .

Wrong type	Arbil	Arbil	LOC	ORG	There was no independent confirmation of the report which the spokesman said came from the organisation 's members in Arbil .

Wrong type	British Universities	British Universities	ORG	MISC	June 25-27 v British Universities ( at Oxford , three days )

Wrong type	Burundi	Burundi	LOC	MISC	Italy 's Dini meets Burundi negotiator Nyerere .

Wrong type	Bahraini	Bahraini	LOC	MISC	A fire has completely gutted a Turkish-operated restaurant in a Bahraini village , residents said .

Wrong boundary	In the Year of January	Year of January 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Arbil	Arbil	LOC	ORG	U.N. denies reports of Iraqi tank assault on Arbil .

Wrong type	Titanic	Titanic	MISC	ORG	Titanic recovery mission is scrapped .

Wrong type	Republican		MISC	O	Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Springbok	Springbok scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen	ORG	PER	Springbok scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen was his side 's inspiration , scoring their opening try and making the third for flanker Andre Venter from a quickly taken penalty to give his side a 29-8 lead after 54 minutes .

Wrong type	Chicago PMI	Chicago PMI	MISC	LOC	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type	Real	Real	ORG	PER	The Brazilian 's 79th-minute effort was enough to earn Real a point from a scrappy 1-1 draw at fellow title contenders Deportivo Coruna .

Wrong type	World Boxing Council	World Boxing Council	ORG	MISC	The Briton , who lost his World Boxing Council ( WBC ) title to Mike Tyson in March , said : " I was in shock as soon as he told me and it still has n't really sunk in .

Wrong type	Dow		MISC	O	" We could carry another 100 points lower in the Dow , " he said . "

Wrong boundary	Radio Red	Red 	ORG	ORG	Gonzalo Montoya , a police commander in Tacambaro , told Radio Red the group was armed with AK-47s and other high-powered assault rifles and wore military-style fatigues .

Wrong type		Timor	O	MISC	Around 2,000 of Indonesia 's controversial Timor national car made by Kia Motor Corp of South Korea arrived at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port on Thursday .

Wrong type	Alania	Alania	ORG	PER	Lying three points behind Alania and two behind Dynamo Moscow , the Volgograd side have a game in hand over the leaders and two over the Moscow club .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bergamo-based Atalanta	Bergamo-based	MISC	LOC	The move to Bergamo-based Atalanta reunites Lentini , who fell out with ex-Milan coach Fabio Capello last season , with his former coach at Torino , Emiliano Mondonico .

Wrong boundary	Gulf	Gulf region	LOC	LOC	U.S. President Bill Clinton has authorised the repositioning of U.S. firepower in the Gulf region in response to the Iraqi attacks .

Wrong type		Refugees	O	ORG	The Rally for the Return of Refugees and Democracy in Rwanda ( RDR ) urged the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees to avoid any " policing approach " and to calm refugees by explaining the aims of the operation .

Wrong type	Eurodollars	Eurodollars	MISC	ORG	At the end of pit trade , December bonds were off 27/32 at 106-25/32 , 10-year notes down 21/32 at 105-17/32 , munibonds off 17/32 at 111-20/32 , December Eurodollars were down 11 bps at 93.94 , March Eurodollars were off 13 bps at 93.72 and March T-bills were down 12 bps at 94.33 .

Wrong type	Islamic Group	Islamic Group	ORG	MISC	Police have detained 26 suspected members of Egypt 's largest militant group al-Gama'a al-Islamiya ( Islamic Group ) , government newspapers reported on Friday .

Wrong type	Federal Reserve		ORG	O	Analysts said the reports implied the economy was not slowing down in the third quarter after a burst of growth in the spring , and that the lull in late June and July was more temporary than Federal Reserve policy-makers had wanted .

Wrong boundary	Return of the Legend	Legend 	MISC	MISC	The fight , Duran 's first on home soil for 10 years , is being billed here as the " Return of the Legend " and Duran still talks as if he was in his prime .

Wrong boundary	Wang Donghai 	dissident Wang Donghai	PER	PER	Chinese police have detained dissident Wang Donghai , the New York-based pressure group Human Rights in China said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Tsang	Tsang	PER	ORG	HK has infrastructure in place for post-97 - Tsang .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	The head of an international mediating mission defended its record on Friday in the face of criticism by pro-Moscow leaders in breakway Chechnya and insisted it was doing its best to bring peace to the region .

Wrong type	Federal Reserve		ORG	O	Analysts believe that the candidates will add to the market 's list of uncertainties , which already includes the question of whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates to cool economic growth .

Wrong boundary	Federal Air Traffic Control Administration	Control Administration 	ORG	ORG	The Batajnica airport will take over complete air traffic control during this period , Federal Air Traffic Control Administration Director Branko Bilbija said .

Wrong type		Avg shrs	O	ORG	Avg shrs 4,841 3,990

Wrong type	ALL BLACKS	ALL BLACKS	ORG	LOC	RUGBY UNION - SOUTH AFRICA BEAT ALL BLACKS 32-22 .

Wrong type		Saturday	O	ORG	Automakers , suppliers , insurers and the federal government 's auto safety agency Saturday launched a $ 10 million safety awareness campaign aimed at reducing the number of children killed accidentally by air bags in cars and trucks .

Wrong type	CUP		MISC	O	SOCCER - MAURITANIA DISSOLVES NATIONAL TEAM AFTER CUP EXIT .

Wrong boundary	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold	ORG	ORG	At least 17 miners have been killed in labour unrest -- sparked by ethnic differences -- at Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co this month .

Wrong type	RMS Titanic		MISC	O	Equipment problems and mechanical failure forced a recovery expedition to give up efforts to retrieve a giant slab of the RMS Titanic from the ocean floor , a spokeswoman said on Friday .

Wrong type	Springboks	Springboks	ORG	PER	Mehrtens missed three further penalties and a conversion in the first 40 minutes which could have put his side ahead , but it was the Springboks who looked the more dangerous .

Wrong type	OIC	OIC	ORG	PER	Manila hails Indonesia , OIC for peace deal support .

Wrong type	Treasury		ORG	O	The 30-year Treasury fell almost a point , raising its yield , which moves in the opposite direction from the price , to 7.12 percent from 7.04 percent late Thursday .

Wrong type	South		LOC	O	South Korea in 1993 unconditionally repatriated Li In-mo , a nothern partisan seized by the South during the war and jailed for more than three decades .

Wrong type	Treasury		ORG	O	In the bond market , the 30-year Treasury bond fell 23/32 of a point , or $ 7.1875 on a $ 1,000 bond , raising its yield to 7.04 percent -- the highest since July 31 -- from 6.98 percent at Wednesday 's close .

Wrong type	FTSE		MISC	O	FTSE close $ 21.25 $ 1000.0

Wrong type	Budapest	Budapest	LOC	MISC	Cofinec , the first foreign company to list on the Budapest bourse , released its consolidated first half figures ( IAS ) this morning .

Wrong type	WBA		ORG	O	BOXING - MILLER DEFENDS WBA CRUISERWEIGHT TITLE .

Wrong type	MI	MI	LOC	ORG	ISSUER : Bay Co Building Authority ST : MI

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Venice	Venice festival	LOC	MISC	Controversial IRA film screened at Venice festival .

Wrong type		F.A.	O	ORG	F.A. : First of Michigan Corp. , Detroit

Wrong type		Moribund	O	ORG	Far East Gold - Moribund market seen continuing .

Wrong type	Buyoya	Buyoya	PER	LOC	Buyoya on Saturday dismissed its threat of an arms embargo against Burundi and flatly ruled out talks with Hutu rebels .

Wrong boundary	serie A	A 	MISC	MISC	Former Italian international winger Gianluigi Lentini , transferred to Milan in 1992 for what was believed to be a world record sum , has been loaned to serie A club Atalanta for a year , newspapers reported on Friday .

Wrong boundary	Karlsruhe	Karlsruhe of Germany	ORG	ORG	UEFA came down heavily on Belgian club Standard Liege on Friday for " disgraceful behaviour " in an Intertoto final match against Karlsruhe of Germany .

Wrong type		cables	O	ORG	The move marks a further move by Pirelli 's cables division to expand in the fast-growing Far Eastern developing markets with the group already present in Indonesia , India and Malaysia .

Wrong type		T-bills	O	ORG	At the end of pit trade , December bonds were off 27/32 at 106-25/32 , 10-year notes down 21/32 at 105-17/32 , munibonds off 17/32 at 111-20/32 , December Eurodollars were down 11 bps at 93.94 , March Eurodollars were off 13 bps at 93.72 and March T-bills were down 12 bps at 94.33 .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	PER	Boatmen 's deal could spark more mergers .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM	NFL AMERICAN	ORG	MISC	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM RETIRES .

Wrong type		bad	O	PER	All in all , playing bad 's been a good experience . "

Wrong boundary	RMS Titanic	Titanic 	MISC	MISC	Equipment problems and mechanical failure forced a recovery expedition to give up efforts to retrieve a giant slab of the RMS Titanic from the ocean floor , a spokeswoman said on Friday .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	" Boatmen 's was the plum of Missouri and was the plum of the central Midwest , " Weber said .

Wrong boundary	Commerce Department	Department 	ORG	ORG	The Commerce Department said orders for manufactured goods climbed 1.8 percent in July to a seasonally adjusted $ 317.6 billion -- nearly twice the increase that had been expected .

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	MISC	U.N. relief officials said they were not aware that the tanks advancing on Arbil were manned by Iraqi troops as they advanced from KDP-controlled areas and raised KDP flags .

Wrong type	Wallaby	Wallaby	ORG	LOC	Former Wallaby captain Michael Lynagh began his career in English club rugby in impeccable fashion on Saturday to frustrate his old coach Bob Dwyer on his league coaching debut with Leicester .

Wrong boundary	Justin Marshall 	scrum-half Justin Marshall	PER	PER	Centre Walter Little followed up Mehrtens ' kick to score under the posts and scrum-half Justin Marshall forced himself over from a ruck close to the line in injury-time to give them some consolation .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	While the market continues to price-in higher U.S. interest rates , there was little conviction to the theory that the Federal Reserve would tighten rates before the next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on September 24 .

Wrong type	Enterprise	Enterprise	MISC	LOC	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type	AK-47s	AK-47s	MISC	PER	Gonzalo Montoya , a police commander in Tacambaro , told Radio Red the group was armed with AK-47s and other high-powered assault rifles and wore military-style fatigues .

Wrong type	Atalanta		ORG	O	The Gazzetta dello Sport said the deal would cost Atalanta around $ 600,000 .

Wrong type	Carl Vinson	Carl Vinson	MISC	LOC	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type	ROTOR		ORG	O	SOCCER - ROTOR FANS LOCKED OUT AFTER VOLGOGRAD VIOLENCE .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	OSCE defends record over Chechnya peace mission .

Wrong type		grand	O	MISC	It was Incaviglia 's sixth grand slam and 200th homer of his career .

Wrong type		union	O	ORG	Welsh rugby union matches on Saturday :

Wrong type	Roosevelt	Roosevelt	ORG	PER	" It focuses more attention on Mercantile , Commerce and Roosevelt , " said James Weber , analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons .

Wrong type	Titanic	Titanic	MISC	ORG	The steel-hulled Titanic , thought to be unsinkable , struck an iceberg on April 14 , 1912 , and sank , killing 1,523 of the 2,200 passengers and crew on board .

Wrong type	WBA	WBA	ORG	MISC	American Nate Miller successfully defended his WBA cruiserweight title when he knocked out compatriot James Heath in the seventh round of their bout on Saturday .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The State Department refused to speculate on Friday on what might happen in the case of Louis Farrakhan , the U.S. black leader who was awarded a $ 250,000 human rights prize by Libya .

Wrong type	Titanic		MISC	O	Titanic recovery mission is scrapped .

Wrong boundary	Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran	Roberto	PER	PER	Panamanian boxing legend Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran climbs into the ring on Saturday in another age-defying attempt to sustain his long career .

Wrong type	Welsh	Welsh	MISC	ORG	Welsh rugby union matches on Saturday :

Wrong type	Trofej Beograd 96		MISC	O	Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .

Wrong type	ESCHEN	ESCHEN	LOC	ORG	ESCHEN 1996-08-31

Wrong boundary	Federal Open Market Committee	Federal	ORG	ORG	While the market continues to price-in higher U.S. interest rates , there was little conviction to the theory that the Federal Reserve would tighten rates before the next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on September 24 .

Wrong type		Automakers	O	ORG	Automakers , U.S. agency plan air bag safety ads .

Wrong type		hull	O	LOC	The piece of hull , lifted from the ocean floor by means of several diesel-filled bags , had been stuck about 200 feet ( about 70 metres ) below the water 's surface before it fell , she said .

Wrong type	Zurich	Zurich	LOC	ORG	Berlin , Brussels and Zurich all belong to the most lucrative series in the sport , the Golden Four .

Wrong type	Panamanian	Panamanian	MISC	LOC	Panamanian boxing legend Roberto " Hands of Stone " Duran climbs into the ring on Saturday in another age-defying attempt to sustain his long career .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	African National Congress	African National	ORG	MISC	Viljoen broke with other right-wing whites in 1994 by taking part in the country 's first all-race elections in April of that year , saying the only way to attain self-determination was by cooperating with President Nelson Mandela 's majority African National Congress .

Wrong type	London	London	LOC	ORG	Lynagh kicked five penalties and a conversion from his six attempts at goal to steer his multi-national Saracens side to a 25-23 home win and offer millionaire backer Nigel Wray an early return on his big investment in the north London club .

Wrong boundary	Central Jakarta District Court	Court 	ORG	ORG	The Central Jakarta District Court has started to hear the suit filed by ousted Indonesian Democratic Party ( PDI ) leader Megawati Sukarnoputri against the government and party rivals after the parties failed to reach an out-of-court settlement .

Wrong type	Viljoen	Viljoen	PER	ORG	Viljoen has hailed clauses in South Africa 's new constitution as making possible a form of self-rule for the Afrikaners , descendants of the country 's Dutch , German and French settlers .

Wrong boundary	State Law and Order Restoration Council	Law and Order Restoration Council 	ORG	ORG	The NLD party won a landslide victory in a 1990 election but the State Law and Order Restoration Council ( SLORC ) , which assumed power in 1988 after crushing pro-democracy demonstrations , never recognised the poll .

Wrong boundary	Greater Milwaukee Open	Greater Milwaukee	MISC	MISC	the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open at the par-71 ,

Wrong type		ISDN	O	MISC	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	Treaty of Baden		MISC	O	1714 - The Treaty of Baden was signed between the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI and France , ending War of Spanish Succession .

Wrong boundary	Ulihrach 	bat Bohdan Ulihrach	PER	ORG	Petr Korda ( Czech Republic ) bat Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech

Wrong type		astrologer	O	PER	Paper says Thatcher 's office consulted astrologer .

Wrong type		astrology	O	PER	Ingram was quoted as telling the newspaper he thought astrology was " a load of rubbish " and that he could not recall asking Orr to keep a watch on Thatcher 's stars .

Wrong type	Intelligent Network	Intelligent Network	MISC	ORG	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong boundary	Democracy Wall	Democracy Wall movement	ORG	ORG	Last month , Wang , 45 , a veteran dissident of the 1979 Democracy Wall movement , was ordered to serve one year of " re-education through labour " , but released because of poor health .

Wrong type		Scots	O	ORG	The Scots are not really a great team and we should have won , " he said .

Wrong type	Nagorno-Karabakh	Nagorno-Karabakh	LOC	PER	Azerbaijan has said it is prepared to grant autonomy to Nagorno-Karabakh if Armenian forces pull out , but will not accept Armenia 's demands for the independence of the enclave .

Wrong type		IAS	O	ORG	Cofinec , the first foreign company to list on the Budapest bourse , released its consolidated first half figures ( IAS ) this morning .

Wrong type	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc.	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc.	MISC	LOC	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc. , a bank holding company with $ 18.04 billion in assets , was seen by many analysts as the most attractive Missouri franchise in size after Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	China	China	LOC	MISC	Wang was arrested in the east China city of Hangzhou by security officers who told the dissident 's family he would be sent to a study class -- a euphemism for coercive ideological reform .

Wrong boundary	Green Square	Green	LOC	LOC	Huge stadium lights are directed at the city 's Green Square where makeshift stages await Sunday 's festivities .

Wrong type	El Salvador	El Salvador	LOC	ORG	The United States beat El Salvador 3-1 ( halftime 1-0 ) in an international soccer friendly on Friday .

Wrong type		grandstand	O	MISC	Next door on the grandstand , 10th seed Rios lost to another player with a Wimbledon connection -- bad boy Jeff Tarango .

Wrong boundary	Mexican	Mexican avocados	MISC	MISC	Mexican avocados not expected in U.S .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	Jordan defends his decision to make the film , whose screenplay he wrote himself after years of research , saying it was " more about history than any political statement " .

Wrong boundary	Gianluigi Lentini	Gianluigi	PER	PER	Former Italian international winger Gianluigi Lentini , transferred to Milan in 1992 for what was believed to be a world record sum , has been loaned to serie A club Atalanta for a year , newspapers reported on Friday .

Wrong boundary	Bay Co Building Authority	Bay Co	ORG	ORG	ISSUER : Bay Co Building Authority ST : MI

Wrong boundary	Artisans for Peace	Artisans	MISC	MISC	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type	Bisconti	Bisconti	PER	ORG	Roberto Bisconti will be sidelined for six Euro ties after pushing the referee in the back as he protested about a Karlsruhe goal , while Didier Ernst was banned for four matches for a verbal attack soon after Bisconti was also dismissed .

Wrong type	Seles		PER	O	What we like would be Seles , ( Olympic champion Lindsay ) Davenport and Mary Joe Fernandez . "

Wrong boundary	Rustu Recber	Rustu	PER	PER	Turkey - 1 - Rustu Recber , 4 - Hakan Unsal ( 14 - Sergen Yalcin , 57th ) , 2 - Recep Cetin , 3 - Ogun Temizkanoglu , 5 - Alpay Ozalan , 7- Abdullah Ercan , 6 - Tolunay Kafkas , 10 - Oguz Cetin ( 13 - Arif Erdem , 57th ) , 11 - Tayfun Korkut , 9 - Hakan Sukur , 8 - Saffet Sancakli ( 17- Orhan Cikirikci , 76th ) .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Ohio-based KeyCorp	Ohio-based	MISC	LOC	Among those seen as having an interest in buying in Missouri are Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. and Norwest Corp. , Ohio-based KeyCorp and Banc One Corp. , and First Chicago NBD Corp. in Illinois .

Wrong type	UEFA Cup	UEFA Cup	MISC	ORG	They took the tie 3-2 on aggregate and qualified for the UEFA Cup .

Wrong type	JANSHER		PER	O	SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .

Wrong boundary	Allahu Akhbar	Allahu	PER	PER	Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	LOC	A U.N. official in Baghdad said the KDP , backed by Iraqi tanks , heavy artillery and helicopters had taken control of the main northern Iraqi city of Arbil after fighting on Saturday .

Wrong type	Moslems		MISC	O	Some Moslems began returning to rebuild their properties earlier in the week .

Wrong type	Boatmen 's		ORG	O	Boatmen 's deal could spark more mergers .

Wrong boundary	Damascus Radio	Damascus	ORG	ORG	" Practices of the Israeli government , especially its settlement activities , came to confirm that dealing with this government inflicts the biggest harm on the Arab cause , " state-run Damascus Radio said in a commentary .

Wrong boundary	China	China ethylene	LOC	LOC	Dow Chemical in China ethylene venture .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	My Turn	My	MISC	ORG	Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan 's wife , Nancy , admitted in her biography My Turn that she regularly consulted an astrologer to help her plan her husband 's schedule .

Wrong type	Mercantile		ORG	O	" Now ... the most coveted bank out there is Mercantile , " Weber said .

Wrong boundary	National Bank of Poland 	The National Bank of Poland	ORG	ORG	The National Bank of Poland

Wrong type		investigation service	O	ORG	We have also found and arrested her aunt and companion , " said a spokeswoman of the Dutch criminal investigation service .

Wrong type	Dow Chemical	Dow Chemical	ORG	MISC	Dow Chemical in China ethylene venture .

Wrong type	Oakland	Oakland	LOC	ORG	In Oakland , Dave Telgheder scattered seven hits over eight innings and Mark McGwire hit his major-league leading 45th homer and drove in three runs as the Athetlics blanked the Boston Red Sox 7-0 .

Wrong type	CINCINNATI	CINCINNATI	LOC	ORG	CINCINNATI 1996-08-31

Wrong type	UNIFIL		ORG	O	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong boundary	Test and County Cricket Board	Test	ORG	ORG	starting on May 13 next year , the Test and County Cricket Board

Wrong type		NYMEX	O	ORG	NYMEX refined product prices lingered at session lows amid slim volume before the close while crude experienced lackluster buying ahead of the U.S. Labor Day weekend , traders said .

Wrong type	Arafat		PER	O	" Abu Ammar ( Arafat ) is right .

Wrong type	Springboks		ORG	O	Instead Joubert kicked another long penalty and then raced around the outside of the defence to score the Springboks ' second try .

Wrong type	Kehl	Kehl	LOC	ORG	Charles ceded Alsace and Strasbourg to France and got back Breisach , Kehl and Freiburg .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	Jordan , whose 1992 film " The Crying Game " also came under fire for what was perceived as a sympathetic portrayal of the IRA , said Collins was more than just a revolutionary .

Wrong type	Treasuries		ORG	O	ITALY - Bond futures held to easier levels in late afternoon after the sharp drop in Treasuries , but a resilient lira helped limit BTP losses .

Wrong type	Li In-mo		PER	O	South Korea in 1993 unconditionally repatriated Li In-mo , a nothern partisan seized by the South during the war and jailed for more than three decades .

Wrong type	Cofinec		ORG	O	Cofinec CEO Stephen Frater told reporters in a conference call from Vienna on Friday before the opening of the bourse that he expects a stronger second half , although the group will not be able to achieve its annual profit goal .

Wrong type	Pirelli SpA	Pirelli SpA	ORG	PER	" The starting of this production base in China has for our group an undoubted strategic value , representing an important enhancement of our presence in Asia , " said Pirelli SpA chairman and chief executive officer Marco Tonchetti Provera .

Wrong boundary	Bodman , Longely & Dahling	Bodman	ORG	ORG	L.O. : Bodman , Longely & Dahling , Detroit

Wrong type		communist	O	MISC	Kim , an unrepentant communist , was captured during the Korean War and released after spending more than 30 years in a southern jail .

Wrong type	Transvaal	Transvaal	LOC	ORG	As Liberal prime minister 1905-1908 he granted self-government to the Transvaal .

Wrong boundary	New York Cotton Exchange	New York	ORG	ORG	December cotton closed 0.95 cent higher at 77.06 cents per pound on the New York Cotton Exchange despite some easing of concern about the twin hurricane threat to key U.S. growing areas with forecasts indicating both storms may remain offshore .

Wrong type		national	O	MISC	The hard-serving O'Brien , a former U.S. collegiate national champion , fired up 17 aces to ultimately subdue the never-say-die Washington .

Wrong type	Surinam	Surinam	LOC	PER	Assault charges dropped against Surinam ex-rebel .

Wrong type		Timor national	O	MISC	Around 2,000 of Indonesia 's controversial Timor national car made by Kia Motor Corp of South Korea arrived at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port on Thursday .

Wrong boundary	Elizabeth I	Elizabeth	PER	PER	1533 - Queen Elizabeth I born .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Moslem	Moslem nationalist party	MISC	ORG	Bosnia 's ruling Moslem nationalist party on Friday called on its refugee voters to end a boycott of absentee balloting in national elections , citing assurances provided by a U.S. envoy , government radio said .

Wrong type		pro-Moscow	O	MISC	The head of an international mediating mission defended its record on Friday in the face of criticism by pro-Moscow leaders in breakway Chechnya and insisted it was doing its best to bring peace to the region .

Wrong type	Florida	Florida	ORG	LOC	" Bolesy ( Florida manager John Boles ) told me yesterday , ' You have to go nine tomorrow , ' " Brown said .

Wrong type	Moslem	Moslem	MISC	ORG	Ruling Moslem party ends vote boycott .

Wrong type		'	O	ORG	The students ' union said second and third-year students were demanding four months of unpaid grants .

Wrong type	Melrose	Melrose	ORG	PER	Melrose 107 Stirling County 10

Wrong boundary	Flight 150	150 	MISC	MISC	They were accused of taking over Flight 150 which was flying from Khartoum , Sudan , to Amman , Jordan .

Wrong type	Napoleon	Napoleon	PER	MISC	1812 - Russian army under General Kutuzov was defeated at heavy cost by Napoleon at the battle of Borodino 70 miles west of Moscow .

Wrong type	MEDIA INDONESIA		ORG	O	MEDIA INDONESIA

Wrong boundary	Apic Yamada	Apic	ORG	ORG	Apic Yamada - 6mth parent forecast .

Wrong type	El Al	El Al	ORG	MISC	The Dutch transport minister Annemarie Jorritsma told the country ' second chamber that there is no further need to investigate the 1992 crash of an El Al freighter which left 43 dead in an Amsterdam suburb .

Wrong type	Rangoon	Rangoon	LOC	PER	Most political prisoners are held in Rangoon 's Insein Prison .

Wrong boundary	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM	AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM 	ORG	PER	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM RETIRES .

Wrong type	Clinton	Clinton	PER	ORG	" Next week , a small group of representatives from each of our campaigns should meet to address participants , format , timing and logistical issues surrounding the debates , " Dole campaign manager Scott Reed wrote to Clinton campaign manager Peter Knight .

Wrong type	Penske Mercedes-Benz	Penske Mercedes-Benz	ORG	MISC	7. Al Unser Jr ( U.S. ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.683

Wrong type		grandstand	O	MISC	Tarango , whose Wimbledon tantrum two years ago brought him a $ 28,000 fine and suspension from this year 's tournament at the All-England Club , argued calls and taunted fans in his lively two hour , 24 minute tango with Rios on the grandstand .

Wrong type		bars	O	LOC	Tell my sons to collect my bones , " he said after hearing he was likely to die behind bars .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Sant ' Egidio Community	Sant ' Egidio	ORG	LOC	Nyerere arrived in Rome this week on a private visit and held talks with the U.S. special envoy to Burundi , Howard Wolpe , and the Sant ' Egidio Community , an Italian Roman Catholic organisation which has been monitoring Burundi closely .

Wrong boundary	London 	north London	LOC	LOC	Lynagh kicked five penalties and a conversion from his six attempts at goal to steer his multi-national Saracens side to a 25-23 home win and offer millionaire backer Nigel Wray an early return on his big investment in the north London club .

Wrong type		IAS	O	MISC	Cofinec , the first foreign company to list on the Budapest bourse , released its consolidated first half figures ( IAS ) this morning .

Wrong type		supervisory board	O	ORG	Frater declined to give a forecast for the full year , ahead of a supervisory board meeting next week .

Wrong type	IRA	IRA	ORG	MISC	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type		villain	O	PER	But Yalcin , who had come on just four minutes earlier , turned from hero to villain barely two minutes after his strike when he was sent off after spitting at an opponent and arguing with English referee David Elleray .

Wrong type	Wimbledon	Wimbledon	MISC	LOC	The 11th-seeded Washington fell short of reprising his Wimbledon miracle comeback as he lost to red-hot wildcard Alex O'Brien 6-3 6-4 5-7 3-6 6-3 in a two hour 51 minute struggle on the Stadium court .

Wrong type		targest	O	LOC	The understandings forbid firing from or at civilian targest but do not rule out guerrilla attacks on Israeli troops and their local militia allies in south Lebanon .

Wrong type		Dublin-born	O	MISC	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type		pre-close	O	LOC	NYMEX heating oil near session lows in pre-close .

Wrong type	England	England	LOC	MISC	French centre Philippe Sella also enjoyed a good game alongside Lynagh , although the home team scored only one try through England scrum-half Kyran Bracken .

Wrong type	Arbil	Arbil	LOC	PER	Britain condemns Iraq involvement in Arbil attack .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Irish Republican Army	Irish	ORG	MISC	The film , starring Liam Neeson and Julia Roberts , recounts the life of Michael Collins , the Irish Republican Army 's Director of Intelligence who fought for Irish independence from 1919 to 1921 .

Wrong type		C-4	O	MISC	The police spokeman said plastic explosive like C-4 is not a normal component in claymore mines .

Wrong type	NFL		ORG	O	" Randall was one of the most exciting quarterbacks in NFL history , " said Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie . "

Wrong type	Sharetsky		PER	O	But during his period in office he has battled against nationalist opponents , trade unions and parliament and Sharetsky said the current parliament was ready to try to impeach him .

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	PER	" KDP ( Kurdistan Democratic Party ) is trying to overtake the city .

Wrong type	Telgheder	Telgheder	PER	ORG	Telgheder ( 2-5 ) snapped a personal three-game losing streak .

Wrong type	United States	United States	LOC	ORG	United States at Netherlands

Wrong type	Airdrieonians		ORG	O	Airdrieonians .

Wrong type	Buyoya	Buyoya	PER	ORG	Buyoya on Saturday dismissed its threat of an arms embargo against Burundi and flatly ruled out talks with Hutu rebels .

Wrong type	OSCE	OSCE	ORG	MISC	" There is no doubt that Chechnya , according to OSCE principles , belongs to a state called Russia , " he said , pointing out that Russia was an OSCE member and it was not the organisation 's policy to challenge members ' sovereignty .

Wrong type	IRA	IRA	ORG	MISC	A British newspaper said Margaret Thatcher was so shaken by an IRA attempt on her life when she was prime minister in 1984 that an astrologer was asked to warn her against future threats .

Wrong type	Lola Ford Cosworth	Lola Ford Cosworth	ORG	MISC	2. Michael Andretti ( U.S. ) , Lola Ford Cosworth , 54.483

Wrong type		council	O	ORG	Albright will meet Foreign Minister Jose Miguel Insulza Monday for talks on issues currently up for debate on the council , of which Chile is a non-permanent member , a U.S. embassy statement said .

Wrong boundary	Naina Yeltsin	Yeltsin 	PER	PER	" Naina Yeltsin looks well , she is active , she is clearly getting better , " Yastrzhembsky quoted Yeltsin as saying .

Wrong type	OSCE Chechnya	OSCE Chechnya	ORG	LOC	Pro-Moscow leaders in Chechnya have criticised Tim Guldimann , the Swiss diplomat who heads the OSCE Chechnya mission , saying he was biased toward Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev , president of the self-declared separatist government .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	MISC	A U.N. official in Baghdad said the KDP , backed by Iraqi tanks , heavy artillery and helicopters had taken control of the main northern Iraqi city of Arbil after fighting on Saturday .

Wrong type	Iraqi News Agency	Iraqi News Agency	ORG	MISC	from ( Patriotic Union of Kurdistan chief ) Jalal Talabani , " Aziz said in a statement carried by the official Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) .

Wrong type	Chechens	Chechens	MISC	LOC	Lebed , Chechens start peace talks .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	MISC	Poland revived diplomatic ties at ambassadorial level with Yugoslavia in April but economic links are almost moribund , despite the end of a three-year U.N. trade embargo imposed to punish Belgrade for its support of Bosnian Serbs .

Wrong type		unification	O	ORG	North Korea demanded on Saturday that South Korea return a northern war veteran who has been in the South since the 1950-53 war , Seoul 's unification ministry said .

Wrong boundary	Panama City	Panama	LOC	LOC	Duran , 45 , takes on little-known Mexican Ariel Cruz , 30 , in a super middleweight non-title bout in Panama City .

Wrong type		guerilla	O	MISC	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong boundary	John	John and Beryll Remblance	PER	PER	Winner owned by John and Beryll Remblance and trained in

Wrong type	German		MISC	O	German international striker Juergen Klinsmann has said he will retire after the 1998 World Cup in France .

Wrong type	Nikkei	Nikkei	MISC	ORG	Nikkei latest CRUDE OIL $ 1987.0

Wrong type	Jorritsma	Jorritsma	PER	ORG	Jorritsma said the latest evidence from El Al in no way supported the allegations , and added there is no justification for a further investigation into the incident .

Wrong type		auto safety	O	ORG	Automakers , suppliers , insurers and the federal government 's auto safety agency Saturday launched a $ 10 million safety awareness campaign aimed at reducing the number of children killed accidentally by air bags in cars and trucks .

Wrong type	Swede		MISC	O	Edberg had his own problems early in the match as the Swede battled to acclimate himself to the nighttime conditions while Karbacher was ripping passing shots and blasting serves past him .

Wrong boundary	Security Council	Council 	ORG	ORG	The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Madeleine Albright , arrived in Chile late Friday for talks on various Security Council issues with Chilean officials as part of a five-nation Latin American tour .

Wrong boundary	Trofej Beograd 96	Trofej Beograd	MISC	MISC	Results in the Trofej Beograd 96

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	MISC	TENNIS - SPAIN , U.S. TEAMS OPEN ON ROAD FOR 1997 FED CUP .

Wrong type	Sheriat		MISC	O	Only Sheriat ( Islamic law ) can end the war . "

Wrong type	Marwan Jilani	Marwan Jilani	PER	LOC	The Palestinian letter from Marwan Jilani said the destruction of the Jerusalem centre was an effort by Israel to " alter the character , demographic composition and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem " and violated agreements between Israel and the Palestinian Liberation Organisation .

Wrong type	Jed-Forest	Jed-Forest	ORG	PER	Jed-Forest 17 Watsonians 54

Wrong boundary	Eagles	Eagles organisation	ORG	ORG	" I would like to thank the Eagles organisation and the wonderful fans of Philadelphia for supporting me throughout my career , " Cunningham said .

Wrong type	My Turn		MISC	O	Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan 's wife , Nancy , admitted in her biography My Turn that she regularly consulted an astrologer to help her plan her husband 's schedule .

Wrong type		equity	O	ORG	chief equity strategist . "

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	But U.S. avocado industry sources said that while they may have delayed the plan for a while , they ultimately do not expect the administration to change its position .

Wrong type	God		PER	O	We believe in God . "

Wrong type	Farrakhan	Farrakhan	PER	LOC	U.S. tight-lipped on Libya 's award to Farrakhan .

Wrong type		munibonds	O	LOC	At the end of pit trade , December bonds were off 27/32 at 106-25/32 , 10-year notes down 21/32 at 105-17/32 , munibonds off 17/32 at 111-20/32 , December Eurodollars were down 11 bps at 93.94 , March Eurodollars were off 13 bps at 93.72 and March T-bills were down 12 bps at 94.33 .

Wrong type	High Court		ORG	O	" I am sorry to my ancestors for five generations , " Chen Chun-yeh told the High Court after sentencing on Friday , the Hong Kong Standard said . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	China Daily	China	ORG	LOC	Two Chinese cities are to ban the use of disposable plastic containers as part of efforts to fight pollution , the China Daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type	GMT		MISC	O	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong type	EOE		ORG	O	Dutch bond futures revival delayed - EOE .

Wrong type		kilo-bars	O	LOC	Continued dishoarding of kilo-bars by Indonesian sources ahead of next year 's presidential election has also kept a lid on premiums .

Wrong boundary	GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN	MILWAUKEE OPEN 	MISC	MISC	GOLF - PARNEVIK TAKES ONE-SHOT LEAD AT GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN .

Wrong type		astrologer	O	ORG	Paper says Thatcher 's office consulted astrologer .

Wrong type	Viljoen		PER	O	Viljoen has hailed clauses in South Africa 's new constitution as making possible a form of self-rule for the Afrikaners , descendants of the country 's Dutch , German and French settlers .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Venice Film Festival	Venice	MISC	ORG	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type		NYMEX	O	LOC	NYMEX will be closed Monday due to Labor Day .

Wrong type	Freiburg	Freiburg	LOC	ORG	Charles ceded Alsace and Strasbourg to France and got back Breisach , Kehl and Freiburg .

Wrong type		hedge fund	O	ORG	Rumors circulated that the Federal Reserve was buying five-year notes , and that a renowned hedge fund manager was buying 10-year notes in the cash markets .

Wrong type	Saudi	Saudi	MISC	LOC	1990 - The United States won Saudi and Kuwaiti pledges to help pay for forces in the Gulf .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Far Eastern	Far	MISC	LOC	The move marks a further move by Pirelli 's cables division to expand in the fast-growing Far Eastern developing markets with the group already present in Indonesia , India and Malaysia .

Wrong type	Interstates 80		LOC	O	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Clinton	Clinton	PER	MISC	U.S. warplanes , ships in Gulf await Clinton order .

Wrong type		league-leading	O	MISC	Brown ( 14-10 ) tied Todd Stottlemyre of the Cardinals for the National League lead with his fifth complete game and lowered his major league-leading earned run average from 1.96 to 1.92 .

Wrong type	Talabani	Talabani	PER	LOC	Aziz said Iraq 's military intervention , the first on such scale since the U.S. and allies decided to protect Iraqi Kurds against Baghdad , was in response to a plea from Barzani to President Saddam Hussein to back him militarily and save his people from attacks by Iran and Talabani .

Wrong boundary	Treaty of Baden	of Baden 	MISC	MISC	1714 - The Treaty of Baden was signed between the Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI and France , ending War of Spanish Succession .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Clinton said on Saturday he had ordered U.S. forces in the Gulf to go on high alert and was reinforcing them in response to Iraqi attacks on Kurdish dissidents in northern Iraq .

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	LOC	Iraq 's Aziz says Baghdad aiding KDP against rivals .

Wrong type	Quigley	Quigley	PER	LOC	Quigley ( USA ) 3:42.852

Wrong type	Pirelli		ORG	O	She emphasised that the move was positive because Pirelli will have management control of the Chinese venture , and it also showed another example of Pirelli exporting its technical know-how to developing markets .

Wrong boundary	A.G. Edwards & Sons	Edwards & Sons 	ORG	ORG	" It focuses more attention on Mercantile , Commerce and Roosevelt , " said James Weber , analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons .

Wrong type	IDLC		ORG	O	Brokers said blue chips like IDLC , Bangladesh Lamps , Chittagong Cement and Atlas Bangladesh were expected to rise .

Wrong type		expeditionary	O	ORG	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type		open	O	MISC	This year 's Fed Cup finalists -- defending champion Spain and the United States -- will hit the road to open the 1997 women 's international team competition , based on the draw conducted Saturday at the U.S. Open .

Wrong type	Arafat	Arafat	PER	ORG	" Abu Ammar ( Arafat ) is right .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	That refusal led to the imposition of U.N. sanctions on Libya .

Wrong type		seven	O	MISC	( halftime 2-0 ) in a World Cup group seven soccer qualifier on

Wrong boundary + wrong type	DSE	DSE all	ORG	MISC	The DSE all share price index closed 2.73 points or 0.22 percent up at 1,196.35 on a turnover of 133.7 million taka on Thursday .

Wrong type	HILL	HILL	PER	ORG	SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bodman , Longely & Dahling	Bodman	ORG	LOC	L.O. : Bodman , Longely & Dahling , Detroit

Wrong type		oOo-----	O	PER	----- oOo-----

Wrong type	Air France		ORG	O	France expels African , Air France unions protest .

Wrong type	Alama Ieremia	Alama Ieremia	PER	ORG	New Zealand - 15 - Christian Cullen ( Alama Ieremia , 70 ) , 14 - Jeff Wilson , 13 - Walter Little , 12 - Frank Bunce , 11 - Glen Osborne ; 10 - Andrew Mehrtens , 9 - Justin Marshall ; 8 - Zinzan Brooke , 7 - Josh Kronfeld , 6 - Michael Jones ( Glenn Taylor , 53 ) , 5 - Robin Brooke , 4 - Ian Jones , 3 - Olo Brown , 2 - Sean Fitzpatrick ( captain ) , 1 - Craig Dowd .

Wrong boundary	Venice Film Festival	Venice	MISC	MISC	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type		temperamental	O	ORG	The temperamental left-hander defeated the Chilean 6-4 4-6 7-6 6-2 .

Wrong type	Dole	Dole	PER	ORG	Carroll Campbell , who was on Dole 's vice presidential short list before Dole decided on Jack Kemp , will head Dole 's team .

Wrong type		tour of Europe	O	MISC	Before the match Deportivo chairman Augusto Lendoiro said he would ignore a FIFA decision banning Brazilian midfielder Mauro Silva from playing in the match for failing to join his national side 's tour of Europe .

Wrong type		keyed	O	PER	At California , Tino Martinez 's two-run homer keyed a three-run first and Andy Pettitte became the league 's first 19-game winner as the New York Yankees beat the Angels 6-2 .

Wrong boundary	Nurbika Mamatuyeva	Mamatuyeva 	PER	PER	" Two sons have come back , " said his mother Nurbika Mamatuyeva . "

Wrong type	Tripoli-based	Tripoli-based	MISC	LOC	Tripoli-based diplomats and exiled opponents said Gaddafi 's airforce blasted in July rebel strongholds in the mountainous Jebel al-Akhdar region .

Wrong type		bourse	O	ORG	Cofinec CEO Stephen Frater told reporters in a conference call from Vienna on Friday before the opening of the bourse that he expects a stronger second half , although the group will not be able to achieve its annual profit goal .

Wrong type	Chittagong Cement		ORG	O	Brokers said blue chips like IDLC , Bangladesh Lamps , Chittagong Cement and Atlas Bangladesh were expected to rise .

Wrong type	Atlas Bangladesh		ORG	O	Brokers said blue chips like IDLC , Bangladesh Lamps , Chittagong Cement and Atlas Bangladesh were expected to rise .

Wrong boundary	Palestinian	Palestinian day-care	MISC	MISC	Security Council members expressed concern on Thursday that Israel 's bulldozing of a Palestinian day-care centre for the disabled might further injure the Middle East peace process .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	California	California avocado group	LOC	ORG	" From a common-sense view , the department should reconsider this plan , but due to politics they will probably go ahead with this , " said Tom Bellamore of the California avocado group .

Wrong type		seat maker	O	ORG	Shares of Douglas & Lomason Co were up 4-1/2 at 30-5/8 Friday afternoon after Thursday 's announcement that the vehicle seat maker had agreed to be acquired by Magna International Inc for $ 31 a share , or $ 135 million .

Wrong boundary	Minor Counties XI 	v Minor Counties XI	ORG	ORG	July 9 v Minor Counties XI

Wrong type		anti-abortion	O	MISC	Previously , he was instrumental in drafting church policy on war , peace and nuclear arms , and for seven years he headed the bishops ' anti-abortion policy committee , espousing a policy describing human life as a " seamless garment . "

Wrong boundary	Dutch	Dutch criminal investigation service	MISC	MISC	We have also found and arrested her aunt and companion , " said a spokeswoman of the Dutch criminal investigation service .

Wrong type	Tajik	Tajik	MISC	ORG	Tajik government troops now control of the strategically vital town of Tavildara after driving out Islamic rebels , but sporadic gunfire still echoed in the nearby Pamir mountains on Friday .

Wrong type		committee	O	ORG	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S.	U.S. avocado	LOC	ORG	But U.S. avocado industry sources said that while they may have delayed the plan for a while , they ultimately do not expect the administration to change its position .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	EUROBONDS - Primary market activity was sharply lower , as players wound down ahead of Monday 's U.S. Labour Day holiday and next week 's U.S. employment data .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The Bosnian government radio broadcast said U.S. Assistant Secretary of State John Kornblum had reassured SDA officials , including presumably its leader , Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic , whom he met during a Friday visit .

Wrong boundary	Scottish Labour Party	Scottish Labour	ORG	ORG	Scottish Labour Party narrowly backs referendum .

Wrong boundary	Irish Republican Army	Irish Republican	ORG	ORG	The film , starring Liam Neeson and Julia Roberts , recounts the life of Michael Collins , the Irish Republican Army 's Director of Intelligence who fought for Irish independence from 1919 to 1921 .

Wrong type	Albright	Albright	PER	ORG	Albright , who arrived from Uruguay , will rest most of the weekend in Chile , officials said .

Wrong type	Hong Kong Standard	Hong Kong Standard	ORG	LOC	" I am sorry to my ancestors for five generations , " Chen Chun-yeh told the High Court after sentencing on Friday , the Hong Kong Standard said . "

Wrong boundary	Henry Campbell-Bannerman 	Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman	PER	PER	1836 - Scottish politician Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman born .

Wrong type	Ruch		ORG	O	Kaczmarek said in May he was unhappy that only one investor ended up bidding for Ruch , in which the government was initially offering up to 35 percent of shares with an option to extend the holding after investment promises are fulfilled .

Wrong type	O'Brien		PER	O	" I just kept saying to myself , ' keep giving yourself the best chance to win , keep battling , maybe something will happen , ' " said the 26-year-old O'Brien , ranked 65th .

Wrong boundary	Baudouin I	Baudouin	PER	PER	1930 - Belgian King Baudouin I born .

Wrong type	Talabani		PER	O	Aziz said Iraq 's military intervention , the first on such scale since the U.S. and allies decided to protect Iraqi Kurds against Baghdad , was in response to a plea from Barzani to President Saddam Hussein to back him militarily and save his people from attacks by Iran and Talabani .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Jackson Hole symposium	Jackson Hole	MISC	LOC	Earlier in the day , Fed chairman Alan Greenspan said at the annual Jackson Hole symposium that the goal of price stability is within reach for major nations .

Wrong type	Lotte	Lotte	ORG	PER	Lotte 46 6 54 .462 14 1/2

Wrong boundary	Penske Mercedes-Benz	Mercedes-Benz 	ORG	ORG	7. Al Unser Jr ( U.S. ) , Penske Mercedes-Benz , 54.683

Wrong boundary	Air Force	Air Force air expeditionary force	ORG	ORG	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type		gleefully	O	PER	Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira then gleefully slipped the ball past goalkeeper Rustu Recber from the right of the area to make it 2-0 seven minutes before the interval , Turkey 's best first-half effort proving to be a vicious 30-metre shot by Ogun Temizkanoglu which De Wilde tipped over .

Wrong type	MARTELA		ORG	O	MARTELA H1 PROFIT FIM 6.3 MLN VS 21.0 MLN .

Wrong type	Titanic	Titanic	MISC	LOC	A 20-ton piece of the Titanic 's steel hull , which had been attached by cables to a recovery ship off the coast of Newfoundland , Canada , fell back to the bottom of the sea , said Erin Purcell of Boston-based Reagan Communications that represents two of the ships used in the expedition .

Wrong type	Bergamo-based Atalanta	Bergamo-based Atalanta	MISC	PER	The move to Bergamo-based Atalanta reunites Lentini , who fell out with ex-Milan coach Fabio Capello last season , with his former coach at Torino , Emiliano Mondonico .

Wrong boundary	Jones	Jones stock	ORG	ORG	Jones stock closed down 1/8 at 40 Friday .

Wrong boundary	Federal Air Traffic Control Administration	Air Traffic Control Administration 	ORG	ORG	The Batajnica airport will take over complete air traffic control during this period , Federal Air Traffic Control Administration Director Branko Bilbija said .

Wrong boundary	Stig Onarheim	Stig	PER	PER	I will remember it for the rest of my life , " said Stig Onarheim .

Wrong type	ATALANTA	ATALANTA	ORG	PER	SOCCER - MILAN 'S LENTINI MOVES TO ATALANTA .

Wrong boundary	United Nations	United Nations relief	ORG	ORG	United Nations relief officials said on Saturday the fighting in Arbil in northern Iraq was between rival Kurdish factions and they were not aware of any Iraqi military advance on the city .

Wrong type	Radnicki ( N )		ORG	O	Radnicki ( N ) - Spartak ( to be played on Sunday )

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	The 11th-seeded Washington fell short of reprising his Wimbledon miracle comeback as he lost to red-hot wildcard Alex O'Brien 6-3 6-4 5-7 3-6 6-3 in a two hour 51 minute struggle on the Stadium court .

Wrong type	Rochester	Rochester	LOC	ORG	An explosion leveled Rochester 's one-story Lilac Falls Motel , killing two people , fire officials said Friday .

Wrong type		house	O	ORG	I will in fact move to Kecskemet ( site of Petofi printing house ) for the interim and will serve as acting chief executive officer of Petofi , " Frater said .

Wrong type		carqo	O	ORG	Dutch say no reason to reopen El Al carqo enquiry .

Wrong type	Shearer	Shearer	PER	ORG	He will probably be replaced by Shearer 's Newcastle team mate Les Ferdinand .

Wrong boundary	Chechnya 	quell Chechnya	LOC	LOC	Tens of thousands of people have died in the war , begun in late 1994 after Moscow sent troops to quell Chechnya 's independence bid .

Wrong type	In the Year of January		MISC	O	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong boundary	Youri Djorkaeff	Djorkaeff 	PER	PER	Euro 96 absentee Nicolas Ouedec and Youri Djorkaeff scored the goals as 1998 World Cup hosts France beat Mexico 2-0 in a friendly international on Saturday .

Wrong type	Northampton	Northampton	ORG	LOC	May 17 v Northampton

Wrong type		saintly	O	PER	In 14 years as Chicago 's archbishop , he built a prayerful , saintly image and was deeply involved in world church issues and publicly committed to rooting out abuses by clergy .

Wrong boundary	The Decaying Mansion	The	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Larisa Sayenko	Larisa	PER	ORG	Larisa Sayenko




***** count = 1 *****
Wrong type	Jackson Hole symposium	Jackson Hole symposium	MISC	ORG	Earlier in the day , Fed chairman Alan Greenspan said at the annual Jackson Hole symposium that the goal of price stability is within reach for major nations .

Wrong boundary	Tianjin	Tianjin city	LOC	LOC	The Dow Chemical Co of the United States will invest $ 4 billion to build an ethylene plant in Tianjin city in northern China , the China Daily said on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Netherlands 	the Netherlands	LOC	LOC	Brunswijk had been in police custody for 10 days after Freddy Pinas , a Surinamese-born visitor from the Netherlands , accused Brunswijk of trying to kill him in a bar-room brawl in the mining town of Moengo 56 miles ( 90 km ) east of Paramaribo .

Wrong boundary	DINAMO	DINAMO 92-81	ORG	ORG	BASKETBALL - BENETTON BEAT DINAMO 92-81 .

Wrong boundary	Central Clinical Hospital	Hospital 	LOC	LOC	Naina Yeltsin is recovering in Moscow 's Central Clinical Hospital , where the president himself was treated twice last year for heart attacks .

Wrong type	Luebeck	Luebeck	ORG	PER	Duisburg 1 Luebeck 0 ( after extra time )

Wrong boundary	Venice Film Festival	Venice Film	MISC	MISC	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type	New York Newsdesk	New York Newsdesk	ORG	LOC	-- New York Newsdesk 212-859-1610 .

Wrong type		zone	O	MISC	Twilight zone for Wall Street as political race heats up .

Wrong type	Lord 's	Lord 's	LOC	ORG	May 14 Practice at Lord 's

Wrong boundary	Midwest	Midwest area	LOC	LOC	While production and orders rose at Midwest area businesses , the prices they paid for goods used in manufacturing remained well in check .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago NAPM	Chicago	LOC	MISC	The August Chicago NAPM rose 8.8 points to 60.0 , its highest level since 62.6 in February 1995 and the largest monthly rise since December 1993 .

Wrong boundary	Bear Stearns & Co Inc	Stearns & Co Inc 	ORG	ORG	Lead Underwriter Bear Stearns & Co Inc

Wrong boundary + wrong type	China	China ethylene	LOC	ORG	Dow Chemical in China ethylene venture .

Wrong type	East Dries		ORG	O	East Dries miners fail to report for work .

Wrong type		rights	O	MISC	The authorities are apparently extremely afraid of any political and social discontent , " said Xiao , in Manila to attend an Amnesty International conference on human rights in China .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ	MISC	PER	BASKETBALL - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type	Aerodrom Beograd		LOC	O	Belgrade 's main airport Aerodrom Beograd will be closed to traffic for runway maintenance and modernization from September 21 to 26 , the Yugoslav news agency Tanjug reported late on Friday .

Wrong type	Air France		ORG	O	France on Friday expelled another African man seized in a police raid on a Paris church as about 100 Air France workers denounced " charters of shame " used to fly illegal immigrants home .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago Purchasing Managers	Chicago	ORG	MISC	While the data provided support for Canadian bonds , both Canadian and U.S. markets weakened after the release of strong U.S. economic data , including a report showing the Chicago Purchasing Managers August index rose to 60 from 51.2 in July .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Traders said the Fed 's decision to adopt a tightening bias at the July FOMC meeting has cast more focus on every piece of U.S. economic news .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Stockholm	Stockholm newsroom	LOC	ORG	-- Stockholm newsroom +46-8-700 1017

Wrong type	Budapest	Budapest	LOC	ORG	-- Budapest newsroom ( 36 1 ) 327 4040

Wrong boundary	Agassi	Agassi had	PER	PER	The day programme went smoothly although sixth-seeded former champion Agassi had to wriggle out of a dangerous 3-6 0-4 hole , winning 18 of the last 19 games against India 's Leander Paes .

Wrong boundary	U.S.	U.S. agriculture	LOC	LOC	Mexican growers and distributors would have to abide by strict rules established by the Mexican and U.S. agriculture agencies .

Wrong type		expeditionary	O	MISC	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type		saintly image	O	PER	In 14 years as Chicago 's archbishop , he built a prayerful , saintly image and was deeply involved in world church issues and publicly committed to rooting out abuses by clergy .

Wrong type	Eschen		LOC	O	The result helped erase memories of Ireland 's visit to the Eschen stadium 14 months ago , when Jack Charlton 's side were held to a frustrating 0-0 draw which ultimately cost them a place in the European championship finals .

Wrong boundary	al-Daih	al-Daih village	LOC	LOC	They said a fire broke out at Shul'ala restaurant in the early hours on Saturday in al-Daih village , five km ( three miles ) west of the capital Manama .

Wrong type	Napoleon	Napoleon	PER	ORG	1812 - Russian army under General Kutuzov was defeated at heavy cost by Napoleon at the battle of Borodino 70 miles west of Moscow .

Wrong type	Moslem		MISC	O	NATO monitors Moslem move towards tense village .

Wrong type	Kalashnikov		MISC	O	On Tuesday , thieves stole about 40 forearms from a shooting range in southern Belgium , including Kalashnikov , Uzi and Fal automatic weapons .

Wrong type	F-16		MISC	O	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong boundary	A Woman	Woman 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Forfar		ORG	O	Queen 's Park 1 Forfar 4

Wrong type		ctr	O	LOC	ISSUE : Bldg auth ( law enforcement ctr ) Series 1996-A TAX STAT : Exempt-REV

Wrong type	Interstate 5		LOC	O	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Tutsi		MISC	O	The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned the coup by retired Tutsi major Pierre Buyoya and for the first time said in a resolution it intended to pressure Buyoya into unconditional negotiations with all parties and factions " without exception " .

Wrong boundary	The Oval	Oval 	LOC	LOC	August 21-25 Sixth test ( at The Oval , London ) .

Wrong type		she	O	PER	But she said she and the NLD would not stop their efforts to bring democracy to Burma even if it meant more arrests of party members or even herself .

Wrong boundary	LENTINI	LENTINI MOVES	PER	PER	SOCCER - MILAN 'S LENTINI MOVES TO ATALANTA .

Wrong type	Edgbaston		LOC	O	England beat Pakistan by 107 runs in the second one-day international at Edgbaston on Saturday to take the series 2-0 .

Wrong type	Dunvant	Dunvant	ORG	PER	Dunvant 21 Ebbw Vale 10

Wrong type	F-15		MISC	O	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type	Wuhan		LOC	O	Wuhan consumes more than 200 million disposable plastic containers a year , the newspaper said .

Wrong boundary	My Turn	Turn 	MISC	MISC	Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan 's wife , Nancy , admitted in her biography My Turn that she regularly consulted an astrologer to help her plan her husband 's schedule .

Wrong boundary	Rochester Fire Department	Rochester Fire	ORG	ORG	As far as I know , it 's been to four alarms -- more trucks , more people , " said Don Penney of the Rochester Fire Department said .

Wrong boundary	REAL	REAL SCRAPE	ORG	ORG	SOCCER - REAL SCRAPE 1-1 DRAW IN SCRAPPY OPENING MATCH .

Wrong boundary	Inzamam-ul-Haq	Inzamam-ul-Haq c Thorpe	PER	PER	Inzamam-ul-Haq c Thorpe b Croft 6

Wrong boundary	O'BRIEN	O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN	PER	PER	TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .

Wrong type	Benetton	Benetton	ORG	PER	Benetton ( Italy ) 92 Dinamo ( Russia ) 81 ( halftime 50-28 )

Wrong type		Eyewitnesses	O	PER	Eyewitnesses told Boston television stations they saw a gasoline truck parked behind the Lilac Falls Motel and smelled gasoline shortly before the explosion .

Wrong type	Chester-le-Street	Chester-le-Street	LOC	ORG	Chester-le-Street : Glamorgan 259 and 207 ( A. Dale 69 , H. Morris 69 ; D. Blenkiron 4-43 ) , Durham 114 ( S. Watkin 4-28 ) and 81-3 .

Wrong boundary	Elizabeth I 	Queen Elizabeth I	PER	PER	1533 - Queen Elizabeth I born .

Wrong boundary	Italian	Italian stonecutter	MISC	MISC	The spare , soft-spoken son of an Italian stonecutter took over the Chicago archdiocese , the nation 's second-largest after Los Angeles , with 2.3 million parishioners , in 1982 .

Wrong type	Newbridge	Newbridge	ORG	PER	Treorchy 17 Newbridge 23

Wrong boundary	Northampton 	v Northampton	ORG	ORG	May 17 v Northampton

Wrong boundary	Nasdaq	Nasdaq composite	MISC	MISC	The Nasdaq composite index closed 3.53 points lower Friday at 1,141.50 .

Wrong type	Germany	Germany	LOC	PER	France ( Cyril Bos , Philippe Ermenault , Jean-Michel Monin , Francis Moreau ) 4:05.104 beat Germany ( Guido Fulst , Danilo Hondo , Thorsten Rund , Heiko Szonn ) 4:05.463

Wrong type	Cleveland	Cleveland	ORG	LOC	Brian Giles and Jim Thome homered for Cleveland .

Wrong boundary	Ainars Kiksis 	beat Ainars Kiksis	PER	PER	Florian Rousseau ( France ) beat Ainars Kiksis ( Latvia ) 2-0

Wrong type	Amman-bound	Amman-bound	MISC	ORG	The hijack began on Monday when an Amman-bound plane was taken over shortly after it took off from Khartoum .

Wrong type	F-14		MISC	O	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong boundary	Edberg	Edberg ,	PER	PER	" I did n't really feel good to begin with , I had problems finding the timing on the ball , seeing the ball , " said Edberg , who upset Wimbledon champion and fifth-seeded Richard Krajicek in the first round .

Wrong type	Minor Counties	Minor Counties	ORG	MISC	as well as one-day matches against the Minor Counties and

Wrong type	Federal Open Market Committee	Federal Open Market Committee	ORG	MISC	" The FOMC ( Federal Open Market Committee ) has been forecasting a slowing in economic activity and moderating household demand will have a large impact on overall economic growth , " Naroff said in a written comment .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	African National Congress	African	ORG	MISC	Viljoen broke with other right-wing whites in 1994 by taking part in the country 's first all-race elections in April of that year , saying the only way to attain self-determination was by cooperating with President Nelson Mandela 's majority African National Congress .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Romania	Romania cen	LOC	MISC	Romania cen bank one-week rate rises to 50.19 pct .

Wrong type	Frater	Frater	PER	ORG	I will in fact move to Kecskemet ( site of Petofi printing house ) for the interim and will serve as acting chief executive officer of Petofi , " Frater said .

Wrong boundary	Offshore Data Services	Data Services 	ORG	ORG	There were 162 rigs under contract in the U.S. Gulf as of August 30 , down one from the prior week , Offshore Data Services said .

Wrong boundary	England 	new England	LOC	MISC	The world 's costliest footballer Alan Shearer was named as the new England captain on Friday .

Wrong boundary	Hong Kong Standard	Hong Kong	ORG	ORG	" I am sorry to my ancestors for five generations , " Chen Chun-yeh told the High Court after sentencing on Friday , the Hong Kong Standard said . "

Wrong type	Tavildara	Tavildara	LOC	ORG	Tavildara is now apparently inhabited only by a few old men , women and their grubby , barefoot children .

Wrong boundary	A. Gurusinha	Gurusinha 	PER	PER	A. Gurusinha run out 16

Wrong type		foreign	O	ORG	The foreign ministry later announced Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy would visit Bonn for talks with his German counterpart Klaus Kinkel next month .

Wrong type	Tajik		MISC	O	Tajik government troops now control of the strategically vital town of Tavildara after driving out Islamic rebels , but sporadic gunfire still echoed in the nearby Pamir mountains on Friday .

Wrong type	HILL		PER	O	SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .

Wrong type	Benetton	Benetton	ORG	PER	Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Indian	Indian copper	MISC	MISC	Indian copper falls , state firm may cut rates .

Wrong boundary	Colombian	Colombian presidency	MISC	MISC	Potent landmines found near Colombian presidency .

Wrong type	Reds	Reds	ORG	PER	Brown threw 119 pitches and won for the third time in as many starts against the Reds this season .

Wrong boundary	U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon	U.N. Interim Force	ORG	ORG	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong type	al-Aqsa	al-Aqsa	LOC	PER	It is our duty towards al-Aqsa to come and pray , " Jamil said .

Wrong type		7	O	MISC	Wales beat San Marino 6-0 ( halftime 4-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group 7 qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Vancouver IndyCar	Vancouver	LOC	MISC	Sunday 's Vancouver IndyCar race after final qualifying on

Wrong type	Rangoon	Rangoon	LOC	ORG	" The main purpose of this press conference is to make it known to the world that the authorities are misusing the law all the time in order to try to crush the democracy movement , " Suu Kyi told reporters at her Rangoon home .

Wrong type	New Zealand	New Zealand	LOC	MISC	They scored three tries in recording their highest total against New Zealand , salvaging some pride in a season in which the world champions have lost five out of eight tests .

Wrong type		stabbed	O	PER	Russian judge stabbed to death over $ 7 fine .

Wrong type	Russian Federation	Russian Federation	LOC	MISC	Moscow , which wants to keep Chechnya as a part of the Russian Federation , sent troops to the region in December 1994 to quell its independence bid .

Wrong type	Hutu	Hutu	MISC	ORG	Some 150,000 people -- mostly civilians -- have died in Burundi since 1993 when the country 's first democratically elected Hutu president was killed in an attempted army coup .

Wrong type	Frater	Frater	PER	ORG	" Obviously , at some point it represents a buying opportunity , " Frater said . "

Wrong boundary	English	English county	MISC	MISC	Essex and Kent both face tense finishes on Monday as they attempt to keep pace with title hopefuls Derbyshire and Surrey , convincing three-day victors on Saturday , in the English county championship run-in .

Wrong boundary	Bosnian Serb	Bosnian Serb republic	MISC	MISC	Mahala is a Moslem village on Bosnian Serb republic territory .

Wrong boundary	JANSHER	JANSHER A CHEAT	PER	PER	SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .

Wrong type	Treorchy	Treorchy	ORG	PER	Treorchy 17 Newbridge 23

Wrong type	Larisa Sayenko		PER	O	Larisa Sayenko

Wrong boundary	Iraqi	Iraqi troops	MISC	MISC	Earlier on Saturday , an Iraqi Kurd leader said both Iraqi troops and Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) forces were attacking the city of Arbil in northern Iraq .

Wrong type		ethylene	O	ORG	The Dow Chemical Co of the United States will invest $ 4 billion to build an ethylene plant in Tianjin city in northern China , the China Daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Nikkei		MISC	O	Nikkei latest CRUDE OIL $ 1987.0

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago NAPM	Chicago	LOC	MISC	U.S. debt futures end lower , shaken by Chicago NAPM .

Wrong type		irrepressible	O	MISC	England 's irrepressible midfielder Paul Gascoigne was up to his old tricks on Saturday , pulling down his team mate Paul Ince 's trousers in front of an astonished crowd in Moldova .

Wrong boundary	Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation	Lay Volunteers '	ORG	ORG	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	NY Dow	NY	MISC	ORG	NY Dow close London opening LME close

Wrong type	China	China	LOC	MISC	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong type		research	O	ORG	" I think this morning 's Canadian numbers were very supportive of narrower spreads , particularly the current account number , " said Jim Webber , director of fixed-income research with TD Securities Inc .

Wrong type		telecoms	O	ORG	CITIC Pacific is a major Hong Kong-listed company focusing on infrastruture , trading , distribution and property , with 28 percent of its 1995 profits coming from telecoms .

Wrong type	Bertillon 166	Bertillon 166	MISC	PER	Puig 's first novel , " Bertillon 166 , " was published in 1960 , a year after the Cuban revolution brought President Fidel Castro to power .

Wrong type	Irish	Irish	MISC	ORG	The Irish , under new manager Mick McCarthy , took a 4-0 lead within 20 minutes through captain Andy Townsend , 20-year-old Norwich striker Keith O'Neill , Sunderland forward Niall Quinn and teenager Ian Harte .

Wrong type		a	O	PER	The Sunday Telegraph quoted Majorie Orr as saying she did a horoscope chart for Thatcher , a Libran , after she narrowly escaped death in the Irish guerrilla bombing of a hotel during the Conservative Party conference more than a decade ago .

Wrong boundary	Interstate 5	5 	LOC	LOC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type		and appeal	O	ORG	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong boundary	Texas Open 	1994 Texas Open	MISC	MISC	Estes , whose only win came at the 1994 Texas Open and whose best finish this year was a third-place tie at the Nortel Open in January , eagled the par-five fourth hole and added five birdies to grab sole possession of second place .

Wrong boundary	World Cup 	1998 World Cup	MISC	MISC	Canada beat Panama 3-1 ( halftime 2-0 ) in their CONCACAF semifinal phase qualifying match for the 1998 World Cup on Friday .

Wrong type		capabilites	O	PER	We are comfortable the revolution has taken care of us , improved our lives and given us capabilites , " Samer Ammar Soliman , 42 , told Reuters as he came out of Friday prayers .

Wrong type		gendarmes	O	ORG	" The minister and his colleagues who were held in the rector 's office were freed thanks an intervention by gendarmes , " one university official said .

Wrong type		bogeys	O	PER	" No bogeys on the card , " he noted . "

Wrong boundary	African Nations ' Cup	African Nations	MISC	MISC	Mauritania 's soccer federation dissolved the national team and suspended this season 's domestic championship on Saturday in the wake of the country 's failure to qualify for the African Nations ' Cup .

Wrong type	Megawati	Megawati	PER	ORG	Megawati has sued the defendants over a government-backed rebel congress which ousted her last June .

Wrong type	Australia	Australia	LOC	ORG	Australia at South Africa

Wrong type	Vinson	Vinson	MISC	LOC	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type		grand	O	MISC	Atlanta Games silver medal winner Edwards has called on other leading athletes to take part in the Sarajevo meeting -- a goodwill gesture towards Bosnia as it recovers from the war in the Balkans -- two days after the grand prix final in Milan .

Wrong type		the	O	LOC	the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open at the par-71 ,

Wrong type	News Agency of Nigeria		ORG	O	" Little did I know I was dealing with robbers , " the News Agency of Nigeria quoted the unnamed corporal as saying .

Wrong type	Panamanian	Panamanian	MISC	LOC	Camacho took a controversial points decision against the Panamanian in Atlantic City in June in a title fight .

Wrong type	Pirelli		ORG	O	Pirelli shares reacted favourable even though talks had been underway for some time and news about a venture had been widely expected .

Wrong type	Vera Haller	Vera Haller	PER	ORG	Vera Haller

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin said on Friday that President Boris Yeltsin , who is vacationing outside Moscow , had backed security chief Alexander Lebed 's peace plan for Chechnya , Interfax news agency said .

Wrong type	Brent	Brent	ORG	LOC	20202.87 ( - 350.29 ) Sept Brent zinc per tonne

Wrong boundary	FTSE 100	FTSE	MISC	MISC	Overseas , London 's FTSE 100 index had earlier climbed to 3,8921.1 just below its record of 3,922.1 , before edging down through the afternoon session to finish the day at 3,885.0 , a fall of 33.7 points .

Wrong boundary	Justin Marshall 	scrum-half Justin Marshall	PER	PER	The All Blacks salvaged some pride by scoring two tries from centre Walter Little and scrum-half Justin Marshall in the final five minutes to close a gap which at one point stood at 24 points .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Proponents of the plan discount the worries of the U.S. growers and say the plan has enough safeguards built into it to eliminate any significant threat to American producers .

Wrong type	Interstate 95		LOC	O	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong boundary	Scottish National Party 	independence-seeking Scottish National Party	ORG	MISC	Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .

Wrong type	Standard Liege	Standard Liege	ORG	PER	UEFA came down heavily on Belgian club Standard Liege on Friday for " disgraceful behaviour " in an Intertoto final match against Karlsruhe of Germany .

Wrong boundary	Canadian liquid 	Total Canadian liquid	MISC	ORG	Total Canadian liquid assets 107.83 107.24

Wrong boundary	Jebel al-Akhdar	al-Akhdar 	LOC	LOC	Tripoli-based diplomats and exiled opponents said Gaddafi 's airforce blasted in July rebel strongholds in the mountainous Jebel al-Akhdar region .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc.	Mo.-based Commerce	MISC	ORG	Kansas City , Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc. , with $ 9.32 billion in assets , also could help a regional bank establish a strong presence in the lower Midwest , analysts added .

Wrong type		setttlements	O	ORG	Norway rules the island group under the terms of a 1920s international treaty which gave many other nations the right to establish setttlements and exploit the coal that is still mined there .

Wrong type		exchange	O	ORG	Comelf 's six-month output rose to 4,378 tonnes of equipment from 2,684 tonnes in the equivalent period in 1995 , the company report to the Bucharest stock exchange showed .

Wrong type		a	O	PER	They were held up by a gritty 84 from Paul Johnson but ex-England fast bowler Martin McCague took four for 55 .

Wrong type		soccer federation	O	ORG	Mauritania 's soccer federation dissolved the national team and suspended this season 's domestic championship on Saturday in the wake of the country 's failure to qualify for the African Nations ' Cup .

Wrong type	LIFFE		ORG	O	Japanese Goverment Bonds futures which closed before the output data , lost much of day 's gains as Tokyo stock prices recovered from the day 's low.In after hours trading the September future on LIFFE was trading at 122.53 , up 0.26 from Thursday 's settlement price on the Tokyo Stock Exchange .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Stars and Stripes	Stars and	MISC	LOC	1994 - The Stars and Stripes flag was lowered for the last time over U.S. army headquarters in Berlin , formally ending the American presence in the once-divided city after nearly half a century .

Wrong type	Bucharest	Bucharest	LOC	ORG	Comelf 's six-month output rose to 4,378 tonnes of equipment from 2,684 tonnes in the equivalent period in 1995 , the company report to the Bucharest stock exchange showed .

Wrong boundary	Lilac Falls	Falls 	LOC	LOC	An explosion leveled Rochester 's one-story Lilac Falls Motel , killing two people , fire officials said Friday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Ericsson	Ericsson says	ORG	PER	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong type	Gloucester	Gloucester	ORG	LOC	The new French connection at Harlequins also made a good start , Laurent Cabannes and Laurent Benezech scoring a try apiece in their side 's 75-19 victory over Gloucester .

Wrong boundary	China 	SKR China	LOC	PER	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong type		Financial	O	ORG	Financial Data in 000s : 1995 1994

Wrong type		the war-devastated	O	LOC	The International Amateur Athletic Federation said on Friday that a schedule reshuffle had allowed organisers to hold a men 's triple jump as well as the women 's long jump on the " one usable runway at the war-devastated " Kosevo stadium .

Wrong type	BSE	BSE	ORG	MISC	Shares of France-registered printed packaging company Cofinec S.A. plunged sharply on the Budapest Stock Exchange ( BSE ) on Friday , despite a mostly reassuring forecast by the group .

Wrong boundary	CFDT 	pro-Socialist CFDT	ORG	ORG	A Guinean man , detained in a round-up in the Saint-Bernard church a week ago , was deported on a scheduled Air France flight to Conakry after his appeals failed , a spokesman for Air France 's pro-Socialist CFDT union said .

Wrong boundary	Federal Republic of Yugoslavia	Republic of Yugoslavia 	LOC	LOC	The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is the only country of the former Yugoslavia where Poles currently require visas .

Wrong type	Sihanouk	Sihanouk	PER	MISC	Hen Vipheak , former editor of the Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty ) newspaper , stepped through the gates of the run-down French colonial-era T3 prison late Friday afternoon , following intervention on his behalf by King Sihanouk .

Wrong type		TWIN	O	PER	TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .

Wrong type		the Scottish	O	ORG	Prime Minister John Major says the 300-year-old union of the Scottish and English parliaments will be a main plank in his Conservative Party 's election platform .

Wrong boundary	East Jerusalem	Jerusalem 	LOC	LOC	Israel announced this week the expansion of Jewish West Bank settlements surrounding Jerusalem and the demolition of an Arab community centre in East Jerusalem .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Iraqi News Agency	Iraqi	ORG	MISC	from ( Patriotic Union of Kurdistan chief ) Jalal Talabani , " Aziz said in a statement carried by the official Iraqi News Agency ( INA ) .

Wrong boundary	Old City	City 	LOC	LOC	" This most recent measure represents a revival of old , malicious plans to confiscate the land and build units for Israeli settlers within the walls of the Old City . "

Wrong boundary	First Union	First	ORG	ORG	Economist Joel Naroff of First Union bank in Philadelphia said consumer spending , which fuels two-thirds of the nation 's economy , may be much slower in the third quarter than in the first half , which should slow economic growth .

Wrong type	GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN	GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN	MISC	LOC	GOLF - PARNEVIK TAKES ONE-SHOT LEAD AT GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN .

Wrong type		scuttled	O	PER	By the close Yorkshire had turned that into a 37-run advantage but off-spinner Such had scuttled their hopes , taking four for 24 in 48 balls and leaving them hanging on 119 for five and praying for rain .

Wrong boundary	Minor Counties XI	Minor Counties	ORG	ORG	July 9 v Minor Counties XI

Wrong boundary	World Cup 	1998 World Cup	MISC	MISC	German international striker Juergen Klinsmann has said he will retire after the 1998 World Cup in France .

Wrong boundary	Air Force	Air	ORG	ORG	The expeditionary force would include nearly 1,000 Air Force personnel in ground and support crews , they said .

Wrong type	Open		MISC	O	The 30-year-old Edberg , a former two-time Open champion , had wrestled control of the match away from Karbacher when the German , hampered by a left hamstring injury , decided he could n't continue under the stadium lights at the National Tennis Centre .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign	National	ORG	MISC	Janet Dewey , executive director of the industry-funded National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign , said most of the injuries to children occurred because they were not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type	California	California	LOC	MISC	" From a common-sense view , the department should reconsider this plan , but due to politics they will probably go ahead with this , " said Tom Bellamore of the California avocado group .

Wrong boundary	Mladost ( BJ )	Mladost ( BJ	ORG	ORG	Mladost ( BJ ) 4 0 1 3 2 10 1

Wrong type		pen	O	PER	( 90th , pen )

Wrong boundary	Wang Donghai 	dissident Wang Donghai	PER	PER	China police detains dissident Wang Donghai .

Wrong boundary	Toronto Bond Traders ' Association	Toronto	ORG	ORG	In other news , the Toronto Bond Traders ' Association said it is recommending that dealings in the Canadian bond market end early at 1400 EDT / 1800 GMT on Friday .

Wrong type	Jansher		PER	O	My biggest problem against Jansher is concentration .

Wrong type		Group I	O	MISC	World Group I , first round ( March 1-2 )

Wrong type	Canada	Canada	LOC	ORG	The government of Canada 's cash balances fell in the week that ended August 28 , the Bank of Canada said on Friday .

Wrong type		so	O	PER	Tin was unchanged at 36,000 rupees , so did zinc at 6,300 rupees and lead at 4,900 rupees .

Wrong boundary	IRA 	the IRA	ORG	PER	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong type		spokeswoman	O	PER	The couple would probably be extradited to Germany which has requested their deportation , the Dutch police spokeswoman said .

Wrong type	North American Equity Services	North American Equity Services	ORG	MISC	" The stock market will have to edit the promises and then do a probability study on those edited promises , " said John Geraghty at the consulting firm North American Equity Services .

Wrong type	WIGAN	WIGAN	LOC	ORG	WIGAN , England 1996-08-31

Wrong type		polar bears	O	MISC	Police and local officials have sealed off the crash site , protecting it from intrusive reporters and from the polar bears that roam freely across the icy expanses .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group	Tarawa	ORG	MISC	Most of the Marines are on three ships in the Tarawa Amphibious Readiness Group .

Wrong type		democracy	O	ORG	Suu Kyi said the government had increased its repression tactics on the democracy movement because it feared the growing popularity of the movement .

Wrong type	IN	IN	MISC	ORG	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type		for the disabled	O	LOC	Security Council members expressed concern on Thursday that Israel 's bulldozing of a Palestinian day-care centre for the disabled might further injure the Middle East peace process .

Wrong type	Springboks	Springboks	ORG	PER	Instead Joubert kicked another long penalty and then raced around the outside of the defence to score the Springboks ' second try .

Wrong boundary	World Cup 	1998 World Cup	MISC	MISC	Euro 96 absentee Nicolas Ouedec and Youri Djorkaeff scored the goals as 1998 World Cup hosts France beat Mexico 2-0 in a friendly international on Saturday .

Wrong type	Philippines		LOC	O	An agreement to bring peace to the southern Philippines is set to be initialed on Friday after delegates from the Philippine government and the Moro National Liberation Front ( MNLF ) concluded negotiations on the treaty which is set to end almost 25 years of conflict in the region .

Wrong boundary	Fleming 	b Fleming	PER	PER	A. Ranatunga lbw b Fleming 0

Wrong type		scorching	O	PER	Fullback Andre Joubert scored the other , scorching in from 40 metres at the start of the second half to add to his three long-range penalties .

Wrong type		Wk to	O	ORG	Wk to Aug 28 Chg on wk Chg on yr

Wrong type	Cofinec	Cofinec	ORG	PER	Cofinec plunges on H1 results .

Wrong boundary	Berlin	Berlin grand	LOC	LOC	Watched by an array of former Olympic sprint champions at the Berlin grand prix meeting , Mitchell made a brilliant start in the 100 metres and held off Bailey 's strong finish to win in 10.08 seconds despite cool conditions .

Wrong boundary	Arif Erdem	Arif	PER	PER	But they were almost upset 12 minutes from time when De Wilde fumbled a hard Arif Erdem shot and Orhan Cikirikci almost pounced on the loose ball .

Wrong type	Buyoya	Buyoya	PER	ORG	The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned the coup by retired Tutsi major Pierre Buyoya and for the first time said in a resolution it intended to pressure Buyoya into unconditional negotiations with all parties and factions " without exception " .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ	MISC	ORG	BASKETBALL - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type		pancreatic	O	MISC	Bernardin , 68 , underwent extensive surgery for pancreatic cancer in June 1995 followed by months of chemotherapy , which he said made him more aware of his own vulnerabilities and the need to minister to the sick .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	They also questioned whether NationsBank can recoup shareholder value with such a large bid for Boatmen 's .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	LYNAGH	LYNAGH SEALS	PER	ORG	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong type	Texan	Texan	MISC	ORG	The Texan blasted in two aces to hold serve at 5-2 and then converted his eighth match point for victory when Washington found the net with another backhand from 40-0 .

Wrong type	Austria	Austria	LOC	ORG	Austria at Croatia

Wrong type		PRESALE	O	ORG	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong type		takers	O	PER	It said refugees feared census takers would use indelible ink to mark them so they could be detected by Rwandan government troops and mistreated if they were forced back into Rwanda .

Wrong type	Arbil	Arbil	LOC	MISC	Britain condemns Iraq involvement in Arbil attack .

Wrong type	Lukashenko	Lukashenko	PER	ORG	Lukashenko responded by cracking down on the nationalist opposition and jailing nearly 200 people for taking part in demonstrations against the pact .

Wrong boundary	The Curragh	The	LOC	LOC	metres ) at The Curragh on Saturday :

Wrong type	Iraqi National Congress	Iraqi National Congress	ORG	MISC	A London-based spokesman of the Iraqi National Congress said Iraqi artillery was shelling the city and Iraqi tanks had advanced to within 10 km ( six miles ) of Arbil , the administrative centre of the Kurdish rebel-controlled region of northern Iraq .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Republican	Republican stadium	MISC	LOC	Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .

Wrong boundary	Human Rights in China	Human Rights	ORG	ORG	Chinese police have detained veteran dissident Wang Donghai , the New York-based pressure group Human Rights in China said on Saturday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	British Labour Party	British Labour	ORG	MISC	British Labour Party leader Tony Blair won a narrow victory on Saturday when the party 's Scottish executive voted 21-18 in favour of his plans for a referendum on a separate parliament for Scotland .

Wrong type		Chartered	O	ORG	Chartered bank assets July June

Wrong type		union of the Scottish	O	ORG	Prime Minister John Major says the 300-year-old union of the Scottish and English parliaments will be a main plank in his Conservative Party 's election platform .

Wrong boundary	National Association of Purchasing Management	National Association	ORG	ORG	U.S. debt futures finished a shortened pre-holiday session sharply lower , as the markets were shaken by a stronger than expected rise in the August National Association of Purchasing Management ( NAPM ) index for the Chicago area , traders and analysts said .

Wrong boundary	J.J. KENNY	J.J.	ORG	ORG	COMPETITIVE PRE-SALE CONTRIBUTED BY J.J. KENNY K-SHEETS :

Wrong type		five nations	O	ORG	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong type		best	O	MISC	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong type	Mauritania		LOC	O	" Since Mauritania has been eliminated on all fronts and the next commitments are not for another two years , we have reason to take a break , " federation president Mohamed Lemine Cheiguer said .

Wrong boundary	European	European championship	MISC	MISC	Klinsmann said he believed Germany could win in France with the same nucleus of players which won the European championship in England this summer .

Wrong type	Dutch	Dutch	MISC	ORG	We have also found and arrested her aunt and companion , " said a spokeswoman of the Dutch criminal investigation service .

Wrong type		super middleweight	O	MISC	Duran , 45 , takes on little-known Mexican Ariel Cruz , 30 , in a super middleweight non-title bout in Panama City .

Wrong type	Kamil Jamil	Kamil Jamil	PER	ORG	Kamil Jamil did n't have a prayer .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Ellis Park	Ellis	LOC	ORG	South Africa managed to avoid a fifth successive defeat in 1996 at the hands of the All Blacks with an emphatic 32-22 victory in front of an ecstatic Ellis Park crowd on Saturday .

Wrong type		pro-democracy	O	MISC	The NLD party won a landslide victory in a 1990 election but the State Law and Order Restoration Council ( SLORC ) , which assumed power in 1988 after crushing pro-democracy demonstrations , never recognised the poll .

Wrong type	MILWAUKEE	MILWAUKEE	LOC	ORG	GOLF - HENKE TAKES LEAD IN MILWAUKEE , WOODS MAKES PRO DEBUT .

Wrong boundary	On the Waterfront	the Waterfront 	MISC	MISC	A U.S. stage and screen director , he is best known for " Viva Zapata " and " On the Waterfront " .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	California	California avocado	LOC	ORG	" From a common-sense view , the department should reconsider this plan , but due to politics they will probably go ahead with this , " said Tom Bellamore of the California avocado group .

Wrong boundary	Rios	Rios rooting	PER	PER	At the end of the match , Tarango blew sarcastic kisses to the crowd , then jiggled his body to a Rios rooting section in a jeering salute .

Wrong type	Honiball	Honiball	PER	ORG	Honiball converted and Joubert kicked a penalty before All Black hooker Sean Fitzpatrick scored a try from close range on the stroke of half-time to narrow the lead to 16-8 and hint at a comeback .

Wrong type	Eurodollars		MISC	O	At the end of pit trade , December bonds were off 27/32 at 106-25/32 , 10-year notes down 21/32 at 105-17/32 , munibonds off 17/32 at 111-20/32 , December Eurodollars were down 11 bps at 93.94 , March Eurodollars were off 13 bps at 93.72 and March T-bills were down 12 bps at 94.33 .

Wrong boundary	Lebanon 	south Lebanon	LOC	LOC	The understandings forbid firing from or at civilian targest but do not rule out guerrilla attacks on Israeli troops and their local militia allies in south Lebanon .

Wrong boundary	Lord 's	Lord	LOC	LOC	May 14 Practice at Lord 's

Wrong boundary	England 	new England	LOC	LOC	The world 's costliest footballer Alan Shearer was named as the new England captain on Friday .

Wrong boundary	Ice Cold in Alex	Ice Cold in	MISC	MISC	Best known for appearances in " Ice Cold in Alex " , " Lawrence of Arabia " and , as Cardinal Wolsey , in " Anne of a Thousand Days " .

Wrong type	White House	White House	LOC	ORG	Clinton claims Dole 's plan would increase the deficit , while the White House said some corporate taxes would be raised to offset the cost of the president 's plan .

Wrong type	The Knot		MISC	O	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong boundary	ERA 	league ERA	MISC	MISC	Major league ERA leader Kevin Brown threw an eight-hitter and Devon White 's RBI double snapped a fifth-inning tie as the Florida Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-1 for their seventh straight win Friday .

Wrong type	Orleans	Orleans	LOC	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .

Wrong boundary	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ	MISC	MISC	BASKETBALL - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type	Birmingham	Birmingham	ORG	LOC	Birmingham 's Gary Breen was selected ahead of Phil Babb in defence , while 18-year-old Ian Harte makes his international competitive debut .

Wrong type	Carl Vinson	Carl Vinson	MISC	ORG	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type	Geraghty	Geraghty	PER	ORG	" We have an election where there are so many unknown variables that most people will probably want to hold fire , and even take the chance that they will have to pay higher prices for stocks after the November election , than take the risk that a shock to the system will hurt the stock market , " Geraghty said .

Wrong type		grimmer	O	MISC	Barentsburg is an even grimmer place , a run-down testament to the hardships of the new Russia .

Wrong boundary	El Al	Al 	ORG	ORG	Dutch say no reason to reopen El Al carqo enquiry .

Wrong type	EUROBONDS	EUROBONDS	MISC	ORG	EUROBONDS - Primary market activity was sharply lower , as players wound down ahead of Monday 's U.S. Labour Day holiday and next week 's U.S. employment data .

Wrong type	Milwaukee	Milwaukee	LOC	ORG	In Milwaukee , Marc Newfield homered off Jose Parra ( 5-4 ) leading off the bottom of the 12th as the Brewers rallied for a 5-4 victory over the Minnesota Twins .

Wrong boundary	English National League	English National	MISC	MISC	English National League one

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bertillon 166	Bertillon	MISC	PER	Puig 's first novel , " Bertillon 166 , " was published in 1960 , a year after the Cuban revolution brought President Fidel Castro to power .

Wrong boundary	European Tour	European	MISC	MISC	European Tour after the British Masters won by Robert Allenby on

Wrong type	Kyran Bracken	Kyran Bracken	PER	ORG	French centre Philippe Sella also enjoyed a good game alongside Lynagh , although the home team scored only one try through England scrum-half Kyran Bracken .

Wrong type		a	O	MISC	Many of the 1.1 million Rwandan Hutu refugees in Zaire and nearly 600,000 in Tanzania refuse to go home , saying they fear reprisals for the 1994 genocide in Rwanda of up to a million people by Hutus .

Wrong type		pro-democracy	O	MISC	Wang was jailed for two years for organising street protests after the military brutally crushed pro-democracy demonstrations by students at Beijing 's Tiananmen Square on June 4 , 1989 , with heavy loss of life .

Wrong boundary	China Daily	China	ORG	ORG	Two Chinese cities are to ban the use of disposable plastic containers as part of efforts to fight pollution , the China Daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type		avacados	O	ORG	We probably would not see avacados come in until next season , next November . "

Wrong type	Groningen	Groningen	LOC	ORG	" We have found Nicole on a campsite in Groningen thanks to tipoffs from the Dutch public .

Wrong boundary	In the Year of January	of January 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Zinedine Zidane	Zinedine	PER	MISC	After a sterile first half , France injected more sting in midfield with the introduction of Juventus 's Zinedine Zidane .

Wrong type	Lebed Chechnya	Lebed Chechnya	PER	MISC	Yeltsin endorses Lebed Chechnya peace plan - agency .

Wrong type	South	South	LOC	MISC	South Korea in 1993 unconditionally repatriated Li In-mo , a nothern partisan seized by the South during the war and jailed for more than three decades .

Wrong boundary	LME	LME close	ORG	ORG	NY Dow close London opening LME close

Wrong type	FARMINGTON HILLS		LOC	O	FARMINGTON HILLS , Mich .

Wrong boundary	A World of Things	World of Things 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong boundary	China 	SKR China	LOC	MISC	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong type	Irish	Irish	MISC	ORG	Quinn added his second and Ireland 's fifth just after the hour to complete the rout and give the Irish their biggest-ever away win .

Wrong type	Detroit	Detroit	LOC	ORG	L.O. : Bodman , Longely & Dahling , Detroit

Wrong type		GDRs	O	MISC	Cofinec 's Global Depositary Receipts ( GDRs ) opened at 5,200 forints on the BSE , down 600 from Thursday 's close , following the release of its first half results this morning .

Wrong type	U.S. Labor Day	U.S. Labor Day	LOC	MISC	NYMEX refined product prices lingered at session lows amid slim volume before the close while crude experienced lackluster buying ahead of the U.S. Labor Day weekend , traders said .

Wrong type	Comelf		ORG	O	From January to June Comelf exported 59 percent of its output , up from 37.3 percent in the same period last year .

Wrong type	Moslems	Moslems	MISC	ORG	Fights and shooting broke out between the Moslems and Serb police on Thursday and NATO troops finally brought restored order .

Wrong type		democracy	O	ORG	" The main purpose of this press conference is to make it known to the world that the authorities are misusing the law all the time in order to try to crush the democracy movement , " Suu Kyi told reporters at her Rangoon home .

Wrong type	A Woman		MISC	O	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ	MISC	PER	BASKETBALLSOCCER - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type	All Black	All Black	ORG	MISC	It also ended a run of nine successive victories this year for New Zealand but arrived too late to prevent a 2-1 series defeat and an historic first All Black series triumph on South African soil .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Moscow	Moscow club	LOC	ORG	Lying three points behind Alania and two behind Dynamo Moscow , the Volgograd side have a game in hand over the leaders and two over the Moscow club .

Wrong type	Bangladesh Lamps	Bangladesh Lamps	ORG	LOC	Brokers said blue chips like IDLC , Bangladesh Lamps , Chittagong Cement and Atlas Bangladesh were expected to rise .

Wrong type		fair play	O	MISC	" This lack of rule of law is an indication that the authorities are not interested in fair play , " she said . "

Wrong type		vice	O	MISC	The vice presidential debate is scheduled for Oct. 2 .

Wrong boundary	De Wilde	Wilde 	PER	PER	Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira then gleefully slipped the ball past goalkeeper Rustu Recber from the right of the area to make it 2-0 seven minutes before the interval , Turkey 's best first-half effort proving to be a vicious 30-metre shot by Ogun Temizkanoglu which De Wilde tipped over .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Soul Alone	Soul	MISC	LOC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Napoleon	Napoleon	PER	MISC	Napoleon entered Moscow a week later .

Wrong type	Yonhap	Yonhap	ORG	MISC	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong type		soft-spoken	O	PER	The spare , soft-spoken son of an Italian stonecutter took over the Chicago archdiocese , the nation 's second-largest after Los Angeles , with 2.3 million parishioners , in 1982 .

Wrong type	N'DJAMENA		LOC	O	N'DJAMENA 1996-08-30

Wrong type		World	O	MISC	World Group I , first round ( March 1-2 )

Wrong type	Chaminda Vaas	Chaminda Vaas	PER	LOC	Chaminda Vaas , Muthiah Muralitharan , Upul Chandana .

Wrong type		World Group	O	MISC	World Group II , first round ( March 1-2 )

Wrong type	London-based	London-based	MISC	ORG	A London-based spokesman of the Iraqi National Congress said Iraqi artillery was shelling the city and Iraqi tanks had advanced to within 10 km ( six miles ) of Arbil , the administrative centre of the Kurdish rebel-controlled region of northern Iraq .

Wrong boundary	The Decaying Mansion	Mansion 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type		on human rights	O	MISC	The authorities are apparently extremely afraid of any political and social discontent , " said Xiao , in Manila to attend an Amnesty International conference on human rights in China .

Wrong type	Turin	Turin	LOC	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Amateur Championship	U.S. Amateur	MISC	MISC	The 20-year-old Woods , who turned professional Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , struggled on the front nine , bogeying the first and seventh holes and double-bogeying the par-four , 359-yard ninth hole .

Wrong type	Wolsey		PER	O	Best known for appearances in " Ice Cold in Alex " , " Lawrence of Arabia " and , as Cardinal Wolsey , in " Anne of a Thousand Days " .

Wrong type		zlotys	O	MISC	News-stand chain Ruch , which controls about 65 percent of Poland 's press distribution market , had a net profit of 16.2 million zlotys on sales of 2.7 billion zlotys in 1995 .

Wrong type	Becerril		PER	O	Mexico - 1 - Osvaldo Sanchez ( 12 - Alfonso Rios 78th ) ; 13 - Pavel Pardo , 2 - Claudio Suarez , 5 - Duilio Davino ( Becerril 46th ) , 4 - German Villa ( 16 - Gomez 86th ) ; 14 - Joaquin del Olmo , 6 - Raul Rodrigo Lara ( 11 - Cuauhtemoc Blanco 65th ) , 8 - Alberto Garcia Aspe , 7 - Ramon Ramirez ( 15 - Jesus Arellano 71st ) ; 18 - Enrique Alfaro ( 17 - Francisco Palencia 78th ) , 10 - Luis Garcia ( 19 - Ricardo Pelaez 69th ) .

Wrong type		southern	O	MISC	Kim , an unrepentant communist , was captured during the Korean War and released after spending more than 30 years in a southern jail .

Wrong type	Ruch	Ruch	ORG	MISC	Polish group to bid for Ruch newsstand chain - paper .

Wrong boundary	Alvaro Espinoza	Espinoza 	PER	PER	Beck allowed a two-run double to Alvaro Espinoza , who collected a career-high four RBI , but struck out Brent Mayne for his 31st save .

Wrong type		seatbelts	O	MISC	Officials said they will work with law enforcement agencies , pediatricians and media to warn parents about the dangers that air bags pose to children and adults not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type		NYMEX	O	ORG	NYMEX heating oil near session lows in pre-close .

Wrong boundary	Republic of Ireland	Republic	LOC	LOC	The Republic of Ireland beat Liechtenstein 5-0 ( halftime 4-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group 8 qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Air Force	Air Force air expeditionary	ORG	ORG	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong boundary	Cuauhtemoc Blanco	Blanco 	PER	PER	Mexico - 1 - Osvaldo Sanchez ( 12 - Alfonso Rios 78th ) ; 13 - Pavel Pardo , 2 - Claudio Suarez , 5 - Duilio Davino ( Becerril 46th ) , 4 - German Villa ( 16 - Gomez 86th ) ; 14 - Joaquin del Olmo , 6 - Raul Rodrigo Lara ( 11 - Cuauhtemoc Blanco 65th ) , 8 - Alberto Garcia Aspe , 7 - Ramon Ramirez ( 15 - Jesus Arellano 71st ) ; 18 - Enrique Alfaro ( 17 - Francisco Palencia 78th ) , 10 - Luis Garcia ( 19 - Ricardo Pelaez 69th ) .

Wrong type		south coast	O	LOC	Trade was very quiet with only one deal reported when spot high protein soymeal fetched 215 stg a tonne ex-store on the south coast .

Wrong type	Detroit	Detroit	LOC	ORG	F.A. : First of Michigan Corp. , Detroit

Wrong type	Hachette		ORG	O	A Polish consortium including the Bank Rozwoju Exportu SA ( BRE ) plans to rival France 's Hachette in bidding for Polish state-owned press distribution chain Ruch SA , Zycie Warszawy daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Krajicek	Krajicek	PER	ORG	" It does n't look all that bad , " Edberg said of his path through the draw starting next with a match against Krajicek 's Dutch countryman Paul Haarhuis .

Wrong type	NOUAKCHOTT		LOC	O	NOUAKCHOTT 1996-08-31

Wrong boundary	Dinamo	Dinamo of Russia	ORG	ORG	Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Dutch	Dutch transport	MISC	MISC	The Dutch transport ministry had come in for pressure from a cross-section of Dutch members of parliaments in May this year , some of whom believed the aircraft had been carrying unlisted , dangerous goods .

Wrong type		companion	O	PER	German police suspected her aunt , 47 , and companion , 28 , were involved in running a child prostitution ring .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	The Rally for the Return of Refugees and Democracy in Rwanda ( RDR ) urged the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees to avoid any " policing approach " and to calm refugees by explaining the aims of the operation .

Wrong type		auth	O	PER	ISSUE : Bldg auth ( law enforcement ctr ) Series 1996-A TAX STAT : Exempt-REV

Wrong boundary	Chechen Republic	Chechen	LOC	LOC	" We just now signed a statement and attached the basic principles of relations between the Russian Federation and the Chechen Republic , " Lebed told reporters after he and Maskhadov signed a package of documents .

Wrong type		serve	O	PER	The fifth set stayed on serve until the sixth game , when Washington , after saving one break point with a forehand winner down the line , netted a backhand to give O'Brien a 4-2 lead .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	U.N. relief officials said they were not aware that the tanks advancing on Arbil were manned by Iraqi troops as they advanced from KDP-controlled areas and raised KDP flags .

Wrong boundary	News Agency of Nigeria	Nigeria 	ORG	ORG	" Little did I know I was dealing with robbers , " the News Agency of Nigeria quoted the unnamed corporal as saying .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	North Korean Red Cross	North Korean	ORG	MISC	" ...I request the immediate repatriation of Kim In-so to North Korea where his family is waiting , " North Korean Red Cross president Li Song-ho said in a telephone message to his southern couterpart , Kang Young-hoon .

Wrong boundary	Gordon Durie	Gordon Durie 75th	PER	PER	Scotland : Andrew Goram , Craig Burley , Thomas Boyd , Colin Calderwood , Colin Hendry , Thomas McKinley , Duncan Ferguson , Stuart McCall , Alistair McCoist ( Gordon Durie 75th ) , Gary McAllister , John Collins .

Wrong boundary	Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation	' International Organisation 	ORG	ORG	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type		an infield	O	PER	In the first game , Ryne Sandberg snapped an eighth-inning tie with an infield single and Kevin Foster ( 6-2 ) outdueled Atlanta 's Tom Glavine ( 13-8 ) for his third straight win , 3-2 .

Wrong boundary	Federal Open Market Committee	Open Market Committee 	ORG	ORG	" The FOMC ( Federal Open Market Committee ) has been forecasting a slowing in economic activity and moderating household demand will have a large impact on overall economic growth , " Naroff said in a written comment .

Wrong type	Wasps		ORG	O	Sale 31 Wasps 33

Wrong boundary	Southeast Asian	Asian 	MISC	MISC	The Southeast Asian gold market was more or less a photo-fit picture of the previous week 's position with activity slow and bullion prices trapped in a well-worn range awaiting a seasonal upturn in demand and prices into the fourth quarter .

Wrong type	LEICESTER	LEICESTER	ORG	PER	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong type		ministry	O	ORG	The foreign ministry later announced Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy would visit Bonn for talks with his German counterpart Klaus Kinkel next month .

Wrong type		dinar	O	MISC	( $ 1 = 0.96 dinar )

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Scottish National Party	Scottish	ORG	MISC	Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .

Wrong type		safety agency	O	ORG	Automakers , suppliers , insurers and the federal government 's auto safety agency Saturday launched a $ 10 million safety awareness campaign aimed at reducing the number of children killed accidentally by air bags in cars and trucks .

Wrong type	Dole		PER	O	" The worst thing that could happen for financial markets is that if Clinton and Dole start to trade shots in the middle of the ring with one-upmanship , " said Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. " That 's when Wall Street will need to worry . "

Wrong type	SPRINGBOKS	SPRINGBOKS	ORG	LOC	RUGBY UNION - SPRINGBOKS FINALLY BREAK ALL BLACK SPELL .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Budapest Stock Exchange	Budapest	ORG	LOC	Shares of France-registered printed packaging company Cofinec S.A. plunged sharply on the Budapest Stock Exchange ( BSE ) on Friday , despite a mostly reassuring forecast by the group .

Wrong type	KPD	KPD	ORG	PER	KPD confirms Iraqi military aid-U.N. official .

Wrong type	Hen Vipheak		PER	O	Sihanouk promised an amnesty to Hen Vipheak , along with fellow KNP member and journalist Chan Rattana , who was released after serving a week of a year-long jail term in June .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Zeleznik ( B )	Zeleznik	ORG	PER	Obilic 2 Zeleznik ( B ) 0

Wrong type		I	O	MISC	World Group I , first round ( March 1-2 )

Wrong type		holy	O	LOC	Palestinian President Arafat , attacking Israel 's decision to expand Jewish settlements and its policy on Jerusalem , went before the Palestinian legislature on Wednesday to urge the two million Arabs in the West Bank and Gaza to go to the holy city .

Wrong boundary	English	English county championship	MISC	MISC	Results and close scores of four-day English county championship matches on Saturday :

Wrong type	Ljubomir Acimovic	Ljubomir Acimovic	PER	ORG	" During the works , all flights will be re-routed to the nearby airport in Batajnica , with no change in schedules , " Tanjug quotes Belgrade airport General Director Ljubomir Acimovic as saying .

Wrong type		une	O	MISC	Levy 's visit would be the first by an Israeli cabinet minister since Netanyahu 's conservative government took power in une this year , the ministry said .

Wrong boundary	French 	run-down French	MISC	MISC	Hen Vipheak , former editor of the Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty ) newspaper , stepped through the gates of the run-down French colonial-era T3 prison late Friday afternoon , following intervention on his behalf by King Sihanouk .

Wrong type	Sale		ORG	O	Sale 31 Wasps 33

Wrong type	Acimovic	Acimovic	PER	LOC	The airport in Surcin will continue to carry out all other activities and has secured enough buses to transport passengers to Batajnica , Acimovic said .

Wrong type		and	O	ORG	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong boundary	Bucharest	Bucharest stock exchange	LOC	LOC	Comelf 's six-month output rose to 4,378 tonnes of equipment from 2,684 tonnes in the equivalent period in 1995 , the company report to the Bucharest stock exchange showed .

Wrong type	Philadelphia	Philadelphia	LOC	ORG	Economist Joel Naroff of First Union bank in Philadelphia said consumer spending , which fuels two-thirds of the nation 's economy , may be much slower in the third quarter than in the first half , which should slow economic growth .

Wrong boundary	Nagorno-Karabakh 	disputed Nagorno-Karabakh	LOC	MISC	Representatives from Armenia and Azerbaijan held talks earlier this week in Germany on bringing a lasting peace to the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region , a diplomatic source close to the talks said on Friday .

Wrong type		d'etat	O	PER	" ( Nyerere ) informed Minister Dini of the latest developments in the ( Great Lakes ) region , with particular respect to Burundi following the military coup d'etat on July 25 , " the ministry said in a statement .

Wrong type	Petofi	Petofi	ORG	PER	Cofinec said Petofi general manager Laszlo Sebesvari had submitted his resignation and will be leaving Petofi but will remain on Petofi 's board of directors .

Wrong boundary	In the Year of January	the Year of January 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	IRA	IRA	ORG	PER	Controversial IRA film screened at Venice festival .

Wrong type	Intertoto		MISC	O	UEFA came down heavily on Belgian club Standard Liege on Friday for " disgraceful behaviour " in an Intertoto final match against Karlsruhe of Germany .

Wrong type	Hindustan Copper		ORG	O	Ready copper fell by 150 rupees at 12,350 rupees per quintal on fresh offerings by the stockists who expect Hindustan Copper to cut prices .

Wrong type	North	North	LOC	MISC	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong boundary	Alpine	Alpine part-timers	MISC	MISC	The Republic of Ireland 's new-look side dispelled painful memories of their last visit to Liechtenstein by beating the Alpine part-timers 5-0 in a World Cup qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Abu Ammar 	heeding Abu Ammar	PER	PER	" I am heeding Abu Ammar 's ( Arafat 's ) call to pray at al-Aqsa and I came .

Wrong type		equities	O	PER	" Seven percent creates psychological problems and a legitimate competitor for money from equities , " said Ralph Bloch , chief technical analyst at Raymond James .

Wrong type	Atlanta	Atlanta	LOC	ORG	Mike Mordecai singled , doubled and homered for Atlanta , which has won 14 of its last 19 games and has the best record in the majors , 84-50 .

Wrong type		co-world	O	PER	Seles easily won both her singles matches and King is counting on the co-world number one to lead the team again .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	U.N. officials said that a Kurdish rebel faction backed up by Iraqi tanks , heavy artillery and helicopters had taken control of half of the city after heavy fighting .

Wrong type	Anglicans	Anglicans	MISC	ORG	He was the first black head of South Africa 's Anglicans .

Wrong boundary	Stars and Stripes	Stripes 	MISC	MISC	1994 - The Stars and Stripes flag was lowered for the last time over U.S. army headquarters in Berlin , formally ending the American presence in the once-divided city after nearly half a century .

Wrong type	Missouri	Missouri	LOC	ORG	St. Louis-based Mercantile Bancorp Inc. , a bank holding company with $ 18.04 billion in assets , was seen by many analysts as the most attractive Missouri franchise in size after Boatmen 's .

Wrong type	El Al	El Al	ORG	LOC	Jorritsma said the latest evidence from El Al in no way supported the allegations , and added there is no justification for a further investigation into the incident .

Wrong type	Zairean	Zairean	MISC	ORG	Zairean troops expelled 15,000 refugees in August last year .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	New York Newsdesk	New York	ORG	LOC	-- New York Newsdesk 212-859-1610 .

Wrong type	Brazilian-born Spanish		MISC	O	Deportivo started strongly , taking the lead midway through the first half when former Auxerre playmaker Corentine Martins headed home a corner after a flick-on by Brazilian-born Spanish international midfielder Donato .

Wrong type		prudent	O	MISC	" Yesterday the president ordered the Department of Defense to take prudent planning steps to have forces ready to deploy to the region should he direct us to do so , " Pentagon spokesman Doug Kennett said . "

Wrong type	Magna	Magna	ORG	MISC	Magna was up 1/8 to 48-1/4 on the New York Stock Exchange .

Wrong type		leu	O	ORG	But the company complained inflation and the artificially high rate of the leu cut profit margins on exports , keeping profits well below its forecast of 1.4 billion lei .

Wrong type	STANDARD LIEGE		ORG	O	SOCCER - THREE STANDARD LIEGE PLAYERS BANNED , CLUB FINED .

Wrong type	Treasuries	Treasuries	ORG	MISC	ITALY - Bond futures held to easier levels in late afternoon after the sharp drop in Treasuries , but a resilient lira helped limit BTP losses .

Wrong boundary	On the Waterfront	On	MISC	MISC	A U.S. stage and screen director , he is best known for " Viva Zapata " and " On the Waterfront " .

Wrong boundary	Kansai Electric Power	Kansai	ORG	ORG	Next week Kansai Electric Power and Kansai International Airport are likely to launch 10-year dollar deals .

Wrong boundary	National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign	National Automobile Occupant Protection	ORG	ORG	Janet Dewey , executive director of the industry-funded National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign , said most of the injuries to children occurred because they were not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type		serve	O	PER	The Texan blasted in two aces to hold serve at 5-2 and then converted his eighth match point for victory when Washington found the net with another backhand from 40-0 .

Wrong type		T-bonds	O	MISC	However , December T-bonds ended below a major trendline level at 106-26/32 , as the yield in the cash bond market set its highest monthly close since April 1995 at 7.12 percent , one analyst said .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Indonesian Democratic Party	Indonesian Democratic	ORG	MISC	The Central Jakarta District Court has started to hear the suit filed by ousted Indonesian Democratic Party ( PDI ) leader Megawati Sukarnoputri against the government and party rivals after the parties failed to reach an out-of-court settlement .

Wrong type	Waugh		PER	O	Waugh .

Wrong type		grant arrears	O	ORG	The government of Chad has closed N'Djamena University after two days of protests over grant arrears in which Education Minister Nagoum Yamassoum was held hostage for four hours , state radio said on Friday .

Wrong boundary	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ BEOGRAD	MISC	MISC	BASKETBALLSOCCER - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type		astrologer	O	MISC	Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan 's wife , Nancy , admitted in her biography My Turn that she regularly consulted an astrologer to help her plan her husband 's schedule .

Wrong boundary	All Black	Black 	ORG	ORG	A quick penalty from Van der Westhuizen five metres from the All Black line set up the third try for Venter five minutes later and when Joubert kicked his third penalty the Springboks held an unassailable 32-8 lead going into the last quarter .

Wrong type	Moro National Liberation Front	Moro National Liberation Front	ORG	MISC	An agreement to bring peace to the southern Philippines is set to be initialed on Friday after delegates from the Philippine government and the Moro National Liberation Front ( MNLF ) concluded negotiations on the treaty which is set to end almost 25 years of conflict in the region .

Wrong type	Xinhua	Xinhua	ORG	MISC	Police in southwest China have arrested 30 people suspected of making and selling homemade alcohol that killed 35 people and poisoned 157 , the Xinhua news agency said on Friday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Burundi	Burundi negotiator Nyerere	LOC	MISC	Italy 's Dini meets Burundi negotiator Nyerere .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Toronto Bond Traders ' Association	Toronto	ORG	MISC	In other news , the Toronto Bond Traders ' Association said it is recommending that dealings in the Canadian bond market end early at 1400 EDT / 1800 GMT on Friday .

Wrong type	New York		LOC	O	New York snapped a season-high five-game losing streak and also got homers from Mariano Duncan , Darryl Strawberry and Jim Leyritz .

Wrong type		Financial Data	O	ORG	Financial Data in 000s : 1995 1994

Wrong type	RUGBY UNION		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - ENGLISH , SCOTTISH AND WELSH RESULTS .

Wrong type	Chechnya		LOC	O	Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "

Wrong type	U.S. Treasuries	U.S. Treasuries	ORG	LOC	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type	China	China	LOC	ORG	Dow Chemical in China ethylene venture .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Jackson Hole symposium	Jackson Hole	MISC	ORG	Earlier in the day , Fed chairman Alan Greenspan said at the annual Jackson Hole symposium that the goal of price stability is within reach for major nations .

Wrong boundary	Iraqi Kurd	Iraqi	MISC	MISC	Earlier on Saturday , an Iraqi Kurd leader said both Iraqi troops and Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) forces were attacking the city of Arbil in northern Iraq .

Wrong type	NLD		ORG	O	But Suu Kyi disagreed with the methods , saying officials often arrested NLD supporters in the middle of the night , then did not give them the opportunity to defend themselves in trials .

Wrong type	Arab		MISC	O	Israel announced this week the expansion of Jewish West Bank settlements surrounding Jerusalem and the demolition of an Arab community centre in East Jerusalem .

Wrong type	Hollioake	Hollioake	PER	ORG	Ata-ur-Rehman c Knight b Hollioake 2

Wrong type	Petofi	Petofi	ORG	LOC	I will in fact move to Kecskemet ( site of Petofi printing house ) for the interim and will serve as acting chief executive officer of Petofi , " Frater said .

Wrong boundary	Hen Vipheak	Hen	PER	PER	Sihanouk promised an amnesty to Hen Vipheak , along with fellow KNP member and journalist Chan Rattana , who was released after serving a week of a year-long jail term in June .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Aerodrom Beograd	Aerodrom	LOC	ORG	Belgrade 's main airport Aerodrom Beograd will be closed to traffic for runway maintenance and modernization from September 21 to 26 , the Yugoslav news agency Tanjug reported late on Friday .

Wrong type	Farrakhan	Farrakhan	PER	LOC	... The view of the U.S. government on ( Farrakhan 's ) not accepting any gifts from Libya is well-known . "

Wrong type	EOE		ORG	O	He said no date had been fixed yet for the start of price making in the 10-year contract , but the EOE had agreed to speak again to the participants in one to two weeks .

Wrong boundary	Norodom Ranariddh	Ranariddh 	PER	PER	Co-Premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen agreed earlier this week to the king 's request for an amnesty .

Wrong type	KDP		ORG	O	A U.N. official in Baghdad said the KDP , backed by Iraqi tanks , heavy artillery and helicopters had taken control of the main northern Iraqi city of Arbil after fighting on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation	Organisation 	ORG	ORG	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type	Vaas	Vaas	PER	LOC	Did not bat : Dharmasena , Vaas , Muralitharan .

Wrong type	Dhaka Newsroom	Dhaka Newsroom	ORG	LOC	-- Dhaka Newsroom 880-2-506363

Wrong type	Monica	Monica	PER	LOC	" I told Monica we need her if we want to win , " King said .

Wrong type	NATO		ORG	O	Marriner said that NATO troops had set up a checkpoint on the road between Tuzla and Mahala to establish the identities and intentions of the men headed towards the village .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boston-based Reagan Communications	Boston-based	MISC	LOC	A 20-ton piece of the Titanic 's steel hull , which had been attached by cables to a recovery ship off the coast of Newfoundland , Canada , fell back to the bottom of the sea , said Erin Purcell of Boston-based Reagan Communications that represents two of the ships used in the expedition .

Wrong type	REAL	REAL	ORG	PER	SOCCER - REAL SCRAPE 1-1 DRAW IN SCRAPPY OPENING MATCH .

Wrong boundary	The Crying Game	Crying Game 	MISC	MISC	Jordan , whose 1992 film " The Crying Game " also came under fire for what was perceived as a sympathetic portrayal of the IRA , said Collins was more than just a revolutionary .

Wrong type	Magna	Magna	ORG	PER	Magna was up 1/8 to 48-1/4 on the New York Stock Exchange .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	SOCCER - U.S. BEAT EL SALVADOR 3-1 .

Wrong type	Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc.	Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc.	MISC	LOC	Among those seen as having an interest in buying in Missouri are Minneapolis-based First Bank System Inc. and Norwest Corp. , Ohio-based KeyCorp and Banc One Corp. , and First Chicago NBD Corp. in Illinois .

Wrong boundary	Insein Prison	Insein	LOC	LOC	Most political prisoners are held in Rangoon 's Insein Prison .

Wrong boundary	Pamir	Pamir mountains	LOC	LOC	Tajik government troops now control of the strategically vital town of Tavildara after driving out Islamic rebels , but sporadic gunfire still echoed in the nearby Pamir mountains on Friday .

Wrong type	Andreas Ogris	Andreas Ogris	PER	ORG	Austria : Michael Konsel , Markus Schopp , Peter Schoettel , Anton Pfeffer , Wolfgang Feiersinger , Stephan Marasek , Dieter Ramusch ( Andreas Ogris 77th ) , Dietmar Kuehbauer , Anton Polster ( ( Herfried Sabitzer 68th ) , Andreas Herzog , Andreas Heraf .

Wrong type	U.S.		LOC	O	More than 300 U.S. warplanes and 20 ships were available on Saturday in case President Bill Clinton ordered the use of U.S. force against Iraqi military action in northern Iraq , U.S. defense officials said .

Wrong boundary	Hakan Unsal	Hakan	PER	PER	Turkey - 1 - Rustu Recber , 4 - Hakan Unsal ( 14 - Sergen Yalcin , 57th ) , 2 - Recep Cetin , 3 - Ogun Temizkanoglu , 5 - Alpay Ozalan , 7- Abdullah Ercan , 6 - Tolunay Kafkas , 10 - Oguz Cetin ( 13 - Arif Erdem , 57th ) , 11 - Tayfun Korkut , 9 - Hakan Sukur , 8 - Saffet Sancakli ( 17- Orhan Cikirikci , 76th ) .

Wrong type	Supreme Court		ORG	O	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Lada Togliatti	Lada	ORG	PER	The head of the Russian league 's disciplinary committee , Anatoly Gorokhovsky , said on Friday that Rotor would play Lada Togliatti to empty stands on September 3 .

Wrong type	On the Waterfront		MISC	O	A U.S. stage and screen director , he is best known for " Viva Zapata " and " On the Waterfront " .

Wrong type	Ruch	Ruch	ORG	LOC	Polish group to bid for Ruch newsstand chain - paper .

Wrong boundary	The Collapse	Collapse 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Dharmasena	Dharmasena	PER	ORG	Did not bat : Dharmasena , Vaas , Muralitharan .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S.	U.S. agriculture	LOC	ORG	Mexican growers and distributors would have to abide by strict rules established by the Mexican and U.S. agriculture agencies .

Wrong type	Mao Tse-Tung	Mao Tse-Tung	PER	LOC	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong type	Ruch	Ruch	ORG	LOC	It aims to invest $ 200 million in Ruch over five years -- more than the sum Ruch says it needs to upgrade its outlets .

Wrong type	Barzani	Barzani	PER	LOC	Aziz said Iraq 's military intervention , the first on such scale since the U.S. and allies decided to protect Iraqi Kurds against Baghdad , was in response to a plea from Barzani to President Saddam Hussein to back him militarily and save his people from attacks by Iran and Talabani .

Wrong type	Iraqi Kurds	Iraqi Kurds	MISC	LOC	Aziz said Iraq 's military intervention , the first on such scale since the U.S. and allies decided to protect Iraqi Kurds against Baghdad , was in response to a plea from Barzani to President Saddam Hussein to back him militarily and save his people from attacks by Iran and Talabani .

Wrong type		tense village	O	LOC	NATO monitors Moslem move towards tense village .

Wrong type		a	O	MISC	In the bond market , the 30-year Treasury bond fell 23/32 of a point , or $ 7.1875 on a $ 1,000 bond , raising its yield to 7.04 percent -- the highest since July 31 -- from 6.98 percent at Wednesday 's close .

Wrong type	Real		ORG	O	The Brazilian 's 79th-minute effort was enough to earn Real a point from a scrappy 1-1 draw at fellow title contenders Deportivo Coruna .

Wrong boundary	Commerce Department	Department 	ORG	ORG	The Commerce Department reported that the nation 's gross domestic product expanded at a 4.8 percent annual rate in the three months from April through June instead of the 4.2 percent estimated a month ago .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Greater Milwaukee Open	Greater Milwaukee	MISC	ORG	the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open at the par-71 ,

Wrong boundary	East Coast	Coast 	LOC	LOC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	O'BRIEN	O'BRIEN SPRING	PER	ORG	TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .

Wrong boundary	Cultural Revolution	Cultural	MISC	MISC	The group demanded Wang 's release and said his detention was a dangerous signal China was returning to its Cultural Revolution days .

Wrong type		Govt securities	O	ORG	Govt securities outstanding 463.73 +1.660 +10.436

Wrong boundary	All Black	Black 	ORG	ORG	Honiball converted and Joubert kicked a penalty before All Black hooker Sean Fitzpatrick scored a try from close range on the stroke of half-time to narrow the lead to 16-8 and hint at a comeback .

Wrong boundary	Trofej Beograd 96	Beograd 96 	MISC	MISC	Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .

Wrong type	Albright		PER	O	Albright , who arrived from Uruguay , will rest most of the weekend in Chile , officials said .

Wrong type		pen	O	LOC	( 90th , pen )

Wrong boundary	Far East	Far East gold	LOC	LOC	Far East gold traders thumped foreheads in frustration at the market 's foot-dragging this week and forecast on Friday that next week would not be much better .

Wrong type		so-called	O	ORG	Arbil lies within the so-called safe haven set up at the end of the 1991 Gulf War on the suggestion of British Prime Minister John Major to protect Iraqi Kurds from attack by the Iraqi military .

Wrong type	Moslem	Moslem	MISC	ORG	Bosnia 's ruling Moslem nationalist party on Friday called on its refugee voters to end a boycott of absentee balloting in national elections , citing assurances provided by a U.S. envoy , government radio said .

Wrong boundary	MX Onda	MX	ORG	ORG	8. Eleuterio Anguita ( Spain ) MX Onda

Wrong boundary	Yugoslavia 	former Yugoslavia	LOC	LOC	The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is the only country of the former Yugoslavia where Poles currently require visas .

Wrong type		of Canada	O	ORG	The government of Canada 's cash balances fell in the week that ended August 28 , the Bank of Canada said on Friday .

Wrong type		une	O	LOC	Levy 's visit would be the first by an Israeli cabinet minister since Netanyahu 's conservative government took power in une this year , the ministry said .

Wrong type		a	O	MISC	The Commerce Department reported that the nation 's gross domestic product expanded at a 4.8 percent annual rate in the three months from April through June instead of the 4.2 percent estimated a month ago .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Salomon Bros .	Salomon Bros	ORG	LOC	" We had two very strong economic reports , " said David Shulman , Salomon Bros . '

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	LOC	" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .

Wrong type		pen	O	ORG	Canada - Aunger ( 41st min , pen ) , Paul Peschisolido ( 42nd ) , Carlo Corrazin ( 87th )

Wrong type	Jamil	Jamil	PER	LOC	There are no prayers today , " an Israeli soldier yelled at Jamil in Hebrew .

Wrong type	Itar-Tass		ORG	O	Itar-Tass news agency quoted Lebed as saying that he would suggest to the rebels that the decision on Chechnya 's future political status be deferred by up to 10 years .

Wrong type		fjord	O	LOC	Everything else is muddy , the waters of the fjord leaden .

Wrong boundary	Labor Day	Labor Day weekend	MISC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type		benchmark bonds	O	ORG	The spread between benchmark bonds narrowed 77 basis points from 81 basis points at the close of trading on Wednesday .

Wrong type	Jewish West Bank	Jewish West Bank	MISC	LOC	Israel announced this week the expansion of Jewish West Bank settlements surrounding Jerusalem and the demolition of an Arab community centre in East Jerusalem .

Wrong type	RUGBY UNION		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong type	Armenians		MISC	O	An uneasy ceasefire has prevailed in Nagorno-Karabakh , which represents around 20 percent of Azeri territory , since May 1994 after ethnic Armenians drove Azeris out of the region .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Treasury	U.S. Treasury securities	ORG	ORG	UNITED STATES - Prices of U.S. Treasury securities were trading sharply lower near midday after a surprisingly strong Chicago Purchasing Managers ' report shook the markets ahead of the long Labour Day weekend .

Wrong type	RUGBY UNION		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - SPRINGBOKS FINALLY BREAK ALL BLACK SPELL .

Wrong type	Houghton	Houghton	PER	ORG	Given , Breen , Staunton , Irwin , McAteer , Harte , McLoughlin , Houghton , Townsend , Quinn , O'Neill .

Wrong type	Bosnian Serb	Bosnian Serb	MISC	LOC	Mahala is a Moslem village on Bosnian Serb republic territory .

Wrong type		saintly image	O	ORG	In 14 years as Chicago 's archbishop , he built a prayerful , saintly image and was deeply involved in world church issues and publicly committed to rooting out abuses by clergy .

Wrong type	Baratelli	Baratelli	PER	ORG	Baratelli , who played for Nice and Paris St Germain , takes over from Albert Emon who was fired on Thursday after Nice 's home defeat to Guingamp 2-1 in the league .

Wrong boundary	Professional Squash Association	Squash Association 	ORG	ORG	" I think the Professional Squash Association should look into this matter and deal with it properly .

Wrong type	British-ruled Northern Ireland	British-ruled Northern Ireland	MISC	LOC	Although not due for release in Britain until early next year , some politicians have already said they feared it would fan sectarian tensions in British-ruled Northern Ireland .

Wrong boundary	interior ministry	ministry 	ORG	ORG	The Iraqis claimed they were " ordinary people persecuted by the regime of Saddam ( Hussein ) " but interior ministry officials had consistently said it was likely the seven would be charged with hijack before any plea for asylum was considered .

Wrong type	CONCACAF	CONCACAF	ORG	LOC	Canada beat Panama 3-1 ( halftime 2-0 ) in their CONCACAF semifinal phase qualifying match for the 1998 World Cup on Friday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Trofej Beograd 96	Trofej Beograd	MISC	ORG	Results in the Trofej Beograd 96

Wrong type		FIM	O	ORG	MARTELA H1 PROFIT FIM 6.3 MLN VS 21.0 MLN .

Wrong type	Federal Air Traffic Control Administration		ORG	O	The Batajnica airport will take over complete air traffic control during this period , Federal Air Traffic Control Administration Director Branko Bilbija said .

Wrong type	T3		LOC	O	Hen Vipheak , former editor of the Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty ) newspaper , stepped through the gates of the run-down French colonial-era T3 prison late Friday afternoon , following intervention on his behalf by King Sihanouk .

Wrong type	Sale	Sale	ORG	PER	Sale 31 Wasps 33

Wrong type	RMS Titanic	RMS Titanic	MISC	ORG	Equipment problems and mechanical failure forced a recovery expedition to give up efforts to retrieve a giant slab of the RMS Titanic from the ocean floor , a spokeswoman said on Friday .

Wrong type	Tiger Woods	Tiger Woods	PER	ORG	Mike Hulbert , Brian Henninger , Tiger Woods , Steve Jurgenson ,

Wrong type	RUGBY UNION		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - SOUTH AFRICA BEAT ALL BLACKS 32-22 .

Wrong type	Dutch	Dutch	MISC	ORG	The Dutch transport ministry had come in for pressure from a cross-section of Dutch members of parliaments in May this year , some of whom believed the aircraft had been carrying unlisted , dangerous goods .

Wrong type		TIME	O	ORG	BOXING - PANAMA 'S ROBERTO DURAN FIGHTS THE SANDS OF TIME .

Wrong type	Parnevik		PER	O	Parnevik tied the 18-hole record set by Loren Roberts in 1994 at the Brown Deer Park Golf Course and also equalled Saturday by Greg Kraft .

Wrong type	U.S.		LOC	O	The Treasury Department said Libya was on the U.S. list of states that sponsor international terrorism and noted that Tripoli has refused to hand over two Libyan suspects in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland .

Wrong type	Fritz van Heerden	Fritz van Heerden	PER	ORG	South Africa - 15 - Andre Joubert , 14 - Justin Swart , 13 - Japie Mulder ( Joel Stransky , 48 mins ) 12 - Danie van Schalkwyk , 11 - Pieter Hendriks ; 10 - Henry Honiball , 9 - Joost van der Westhuizen ; 8 - Gary Teichmann ( captain ) , 7 - Andre Venter ( Wayne Fyvie , 75 ) , 6 - Ruben Kruge , 5 - Mark Andrews ( Fritz van Heerden , 39 ) , 4 - Kobus Wiese , 3 - Marius Hurter , 2 - James Dalton , 1 - Dawie Theron ( Garry Pagel , 66 ) .

Wrong type	Moslem	Moslem	MISC	PER	Ruling Moslem party ends vote boycott .

Wrong boundary	The Knot	Knot 	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type		MATIF	O	LOC	The September notional bond future on the MATIF in Paris settled at 123.14 , up 0.04 from Thursday 's settlement price .

Wrong type		agency	O	ORG	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong boundary	Rugby Football Union	Football Union 	ORG	ORG	With the first day of the league season briefly shifting the spotlight away from the discord between the clubs and the Rugby Football Union , there were also emphatic victories for champions Bath , 56-13 winners over Orrell , and Northampton and narrow successes for Wasps and Bristol .

Wrong boundary	International Amateur Athletic Federation	Athletic Federation 	ORG	ORG	The International Amateur Athletic Federation said on Friday that a schedule reshuffle had allowed organisers to hold a men 's triple jump as well as the women 's long jump on the " one usable runway at the war-devastated " Kosevo stadium .

Wrong type	Romesh Kaluwitharana	Romesh Kaluwitharana	PER	LOC	Romesh Kaluwitharana , Asanka Gurusinha , Aravinda de Silva ,

Wrong boundary	Sueddeutsche Zeitung	Sueddeutsche	ORG	ORG	" For myself , personally , I 've planned things so that that will be the end of me , " the 32-year-old national team captain was quoted as saying by the daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung on Saturday .

Wrong type		costliest	O	ORG	The world 's costliest footballer Alan Shearer was named as the new England captain on Friday .

Wrong type	O'Neill	O'Neill	PER	LOC	Given , Breen , Staunton , Irwin , McAteer , Harte , McLoughlin , Houghton , Townsend , Quinn , O'Neill .

Wrong type	De Wilde		PER	O	Brazilian-born Luis Oliveira then gleefully slipped the ball past goalkeeper Rustu Recber from the right of the area to make it 2-0 seven minutes before the interval , Turkey 's best first-half effort proving to be a vicious 30-metre shot by Ogun Temizkanoglu which De Wilde tipped over .

Wrong boundary	Duke of Norfolk 's XI	Duke of Norfolk	ORG	ORG	May 15 v Duke of Norfolk 's XI ( at Arundel )

Wrong type		friendlies	O	LOC	It was Belgium 's first victory under Van Moer after two draws in friendlies against Russia and Italy .

Wrong type	Fulgencio Batista	Fulgencio Batista	PER	LOC	The book , which has been translated into 40 languages , deals with a day in the life of Santiago de Cuba , Puig 's native city , under the pre-Castro government of Fulgencio Batista .

Wrong boundary	Bonn 	reporters Bonn	LOC	ORG	Erdmann told reporters Bonn supported European Union efforts to persuade Israel to stop further Jewish settlement on the West Bank .

Wrong type	WBO		ORG	O	Britain 's Naseem Hamed retained his WBO featherweight title on Saturday when Mexico 's Manuel Medina was retired by his corner at the end of the 11th round .

Wrong type	RBI		MISC	O	Major league ERA leader Kevin Brown threw an eight-hitter and Devon White 's RBI double snapped a fifth-inning tie as the Florida Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-1 for their seventh straight win Friday .

Wrong type		nations	O	ORG	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong type	Rotor	Rotor	ORG	PER	The head of the Russian league 's disciplinary committee , Anatoly Gorokhovsky , said on Friday that Rotor would play Lada Togliatti to empty stands on September 3 .

Wrong boundary	PT Timor Putra Nasional	PT Timor	ORG	ORG	The cars will be jointly marketed by Kia and PT Timor Putra Nasional , controlled by a son of President Suharto , which plans next year to start assembling the vehicles in Indonesia .

Wrong type		fixed-income	O	ORG	" I think this morning 's Canadian numbers were very supportive of narrower spreads , particularly the current account number , " said Jim Webber , director of fixed-income research with TD Securities Inc .

Wrong type	Muralitharan	Muralitharan	PER	LOC	Did not bat : Dharmasena , Vaas , Muralitharan .

Wrong type	Indosuez	Indosuez	ORG	LOC	" This is really positive news for Pirelli , and I expect that it will produce one of the best half-year results in late September compared to other industrial Italian companies , " said analyst Paula Buratti at Indosuez .

Wrong type		son	O	ORG	The spare , soft-spoken son of an Italian stonecutter took over the Chicago archdiocese , the nation 's second-largest after Los Angeles , with 2.3 million parishioners , in 1982 .

Wrong type	Banisadr		PER	O	Iran has asked Germany to extradite Banisadr , who is due is due back in Berlin next Thursday to continue his testimony .

Wrong boundary	Radio Red	Red 	ORG	ORG	Radio Red quoted local police in the town of Tacambaro , Michoacan , 80 km ( 50 miles ) south of the state capital Morelia , as saying 40 to 50 armed men attacked the convoy .

Wrong type	Lebed		PER	O	Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin said on Friday that Yeltsin backed a package of proposals Lebed took to the talks .

Wrong type	Ines Gorrochategui		PER	O	Sandrine Testud ( France ) beat Ines Gorrochategui ( Argentina ) 4-6 6-2 6-1

Wrong boundary	Chechnya 	breakway Chechnya	LOC	LOC	The head of an international mediating mission defended its record on Friday in the face of criticism by pro-Moscow leaders in breakway Chechnya and insisted it was doing its best to bring peace to the region .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Interstate 95	Interstate	LOC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Golden Four	Golden Four	MISC	ORG	Berlin , Brussels and Zurich all belong to the most lucrative series in the sport , the Golden Four .

Wrong type	Gust		PER	O	Gust was threatened with violence , then locked into a room to be interrogated on suspicion of " promoting activities hostile to the state " while his guests were taken away , the magazine said .

Wrong boundary	Federal Reserve	Reserve 	ORG	ORG	Federal Reserve governor Lawrence Lindsey , speaking on U.S. cable television network CNBC , said the U.S. economy appears on balance to be a bit strong , adding the central bank would not curb growth provided inflation remains in check .

Wrong type		N / A	O	ORG	Shrs offered by company N / A

Wrong type	MAURITANIA	MAURITANIA	LOC	ORG	SOCCER - MAURITANIA DISSOLVES NATIONAL TEAM AFTER CUP EXIT .

Wrong type		three	O	MISC	Azerbaijan beat Switzerland 1-0 ( halftime 1-0 ) in their World Cup soccer European group three qualifying match on Saturday .

Wrong type	RUGBY LEAGUE		MISC	O	RUGBY LEAGUE - WIGAN BEAT BRADFORD 42-36 IN SEMIFINAL .

Wrong boundary	CFDT union 	pro-Socialist CFDT union	ORG	ORG	A Guinean man , detained in a round-up in the Saint-Bernard church a week ago , was deported on a scheduled Air France flight to Conakry after his appeals failed , a spokesman for Air France 's pro-Socialist CFDT union said .

Wrong boundary	Bernardin 	, Bernardin	PER	MISC	Ironically , Bernardin , who developed a progressive , much-praised programme to deal with pedophilia involving priests , became the highest-ranking church official ever accused of sexual improprieties when a former seminary student leveled charges in 1993 that he had been sexually abused by Bernardin during the 1970s .

Wrong type		GOLF	O	LOC	GOLF - LEADING SCORES AT GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN .

Wrong boundary	Bay Co Building Authority	Bay Co Building Authority ST	ORG	ORG	ISSUER : Bay Co Building Authority ST : MI

Wrong type	Johnson Controls	Johnson Controls	ORG	PER	Magna , Johnson Controls and Lear have been working to build up their capabilties to supply complete interiors to automakers , including seats , instrument panels , door panels carpeting and headliners .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Wimbledon	Wimbledon tantrum	MISC	ORG	Tarango , whose Wimbledon tantrum two years ago brought him a $ 28,000 fine and suspension from this year 's tournament at the All-England Club , argued calls and taunted fans in his lively two hour , 24 minute tango with Rios on the grandstand .

Wrong type		federation	O	ORG	" Since Mauritania has been eliminated on all fronts and the next commitments are not for another two years , we have reason to take a break , " federation president Mohamed Lemine Cheiguer said .

Wrong type		bogeying	O	PER	After Parnevik started off his round by parring the first hole and bogeying the second , the Swede birdied six of the next seven holes .

Wrong type	FIFA		ORG	O	SOCCER - SILVA 'S `LOST PASSPORT ' EXCUSE NOT ENOUGH FOR FIFA .

Wrong boundary	U.S.	U.S. avocado	LOC	LOC	The plan has raised a storm of protest from U.S. avocado growers , who are largely concentrated in California .

Wrong type	Torino	Torino	ORG	LOC	Lentini , 27 , joined Milan from Torino in a $ 12 million deal that many have speculated involved far more money changing hands and which has subsequently been investigated by magistrates for alleged financial irregularities .

Wrong type		escalating	O	MISC	President Bill Clinton on Friday ordered the U.S. military to ready itself for any possible action as Washington turned up the heat in an escalating crisis over Iraqi troop movements in northern Iraq .

Wrong type		par-71	O	LOC	the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open at the par-71 ,

Wrong type		conference on	O	MISC	The authorities are apparently extremely afraid of any political and social discontent , " said Xiao , in Manila to attend an Amnesty International conference on human rights in China .

Wrong boundary	Federal Open Market Committee	Committee 	ORG	ORG	While the market continues to price-in higher U.S. interest rates , there was little conviction to the theory that the Federal Reserve would tighten rates before the next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on September 24 .

Wrong type	Milan	Milan	ORG	LOC	Former Italian international winger Gianluigi Lentini , transferred to Milan in 1992 for what was believed to be a world record sum , has been loaned to serie A club Atalanta for a year , newspapers reported on Friday .

Wrong type	Insein	Insein	LOC	ORG	His death came five weeks after James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols , a close friend of Suu Kyi and Danish honorary consul , died while serving a prison term at Insein .

Wrong type		consortia	O	ORG	Two consortia -- UWP-Hachette and a consortium of a Polish SPC group and Swiss firms -- placed initial bids .

Wrong type	All Black	All Black	ORG	LOC	A quick penalty from Van der Westhuizen five metres from the All Black line set up the third try for Venter five minutes later and when Joubert kicked his third penalty the Springboks held an unassailable 32-8 lead going into the last quarter .

Wrong boundary	Artisans for Peace	Artisans for	MISC	MISC	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type	Sikhin		LOC	O	" The committee will meet following a complaint by Israel over an incident in which two Lebanese residents were injured by Hizbollah fire in the Sikhin village ...

Wrong type	Gaddafi	Gaddafi	PER	LOC	Tripoli-based diplomats and exiled opponents said Gaddafi 's airforce blasted in July rebel strongholds in the mountainous Jebel al-Akhdar region .

Wrong type		costliest	O	MISC	The world 's costliest footballer Alan Shearer was named as the new England captain on Friday .

Wrong boundary	D. Blenkiron	D.	PER	PER	Chester-le-Street : Glamorgan 259 and 207 ( A. Dale 69 , H. Morris 69 ; D. Blenkiron 4-43 ) , Durham 114 ( S. Watkin 4-28 ) and 81-3 .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS	TATTERSALLS	MISC	ORG	HORSE RACING - TATTERSALLS BREEDERS STAKES RESULT .

Wrong type		students ' union	O	ORG	The students ' union said second and third-year students were demanding four months of unpaid grants .

Wrong type		to	O	ORG	Wk to Aug 28 Chg on wk Chg on yr

Wrong type		Division	O	MISC	Division one

Wrong type	Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc.	Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc.	MISC	LOC	Kansas City , Mo.-based Commerce Bancshares Inc. , with $ 9.32 billion in assets , also could help a regional bank establish a strong presence in the lower Midwest , analysts added .

Wrong boundary	Romania	Romania cen bank one-week	LOC	LOC	Romania cen bank one-week rate rises to 50.19 pct .

Wrong type	U.S. Open	U.S. Open	MISC	LOC	Woods was among a group of 13 players at four under , including 1993 champion Billy Mayfair , who tied for second at last week 's World Series of Golf , and former U.S. Open champ Payne Stewart .

Wrong type	U.S. Open	U.S. Open	MISC	LOC	This year 's Fed Cup finalists -- defending champion Spain and the United States -- will hit the road to open the 1997 women 's international team competition , based on the draw conducted Saturday at the U.S. Open .

Wrong type		carded	O	PER	Nolan Henke , who led by two strokes entering the third round , carded a four-under 67 and was one stroke back at 18-under 195 .

Wrong boundary	Bohdan Ulihrach 	bat Bohdan Ulihrach	PER	ORG	Petr Korda ( Czech Republic ) bat Bohdan Ulihrach ( Czech

Wrong boundary	Lebed Chechnya	Chechnya 	PER	LOC	Yeltsin endorses Lebed Chechnya peace plan - agency .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	All Black	All Black series	ORG	MISC	It also ended a run of nine successive victories this year for New Zealand but arrived too late to prevent a 2-1 series defeat and an historic first All Black series triumph on South African soil .

Wrong type		Afrikaners	O	ORG	South African right-wing Afrikaners on Saturday revived their campaign for a form of self-rule , identifying a sparsely-populated area in Northern Cape province as the best place for a home of their own .

Wrong type		Division	O	MISC	Division three

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Democracy Wall	Democracy Wall movement	ORG	MISC	Last month , Wang , 45 , a veteran dissident of the 1979 Democracy Wall movement , was ordered to serve one year of " re-education through labour " , but released because of poor health .

Wrong boundary	Holy City of Jerusalem	City of Jerusalem 	LOC	LOC	The Palestinian letter from Marwan Jilani said the destruction of the Jerusalem centre was an effort by Israel to " alter the character , demographic composition and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem " and violated agreements between Israel and the Palestinian Liberation Organisation .

Wrong type		astrology	O	MISC	Ingram was quoted as telling the newspaper he thought astrology was " a load of rubbish " and that he could not recall asking Orr to keep a watch on Thatcher 's stars .

Wrong boundary	PGA Tour	PGA Tour money list	MISC	MISC	The top four on the PGA Tour money list all skipped the tournament .

Wrong type		side	O	ORG	Mehrtens missed three further penalties and a conversion in the first 40 minutes which could have put his side ahead , but it was the Springboks who looked the more dangerous .

Wrong boundary	First of Michigan Corp.	First	ORG	ORG	F.A. : First of Michigan Corp. , Detroit

Wrong type		euphemism	O	MISC	Wang was arrested in the east China city of Hangzhou by security officers who told the dissident 's family he would be sent to a study class -- a euphemism for coercive ideological reform .

Wrong type	Krajicek	Krajicek	PER	LOC	" It does n't look all that bad , " Edberg said of his path through the draw starting next with a match against Krajicek 's Dutch countryman Paul Haarhuis .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	LOC	We have in no way seen any Iraqi troops in the city or in its approaches , " a U.N. relief official told Reuters .

Wrong boundary	Chechens 	pro-independence Chechens	MISC	MISC	Crowds of pro-independence Chechens greeted a newly-signed peace deal by singing , dancing and firing guns in the air on Saturday , but the celebrations held a trace of uncertainty .

Wrong type		eagled	O	PER	Estes , whose only win came at the 1994 Texas Open and whose best finish this year was a third-place tie at the Nortel Open in January , eagled the par-five fourth hole and added five birdies to grab sole possession of second place .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bay Co Bldg Auth	Bay Co	ORG	PER	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong type	All Black	All Black	ORG	MISC	Honiball converted and Joubert kicked a penalty before All Black hooker Sean Fitzpatrick scored a try from close range on the stroke of half-time to narrow the lead to 16-8 and hint at a comeback .

Wrong type	Mehrtens		PER	O	Penalties : Mehrtens .

Wrong type		nine	O	MISC	Ukraine beat Northern Ireland 1-0 ( halftime 0-0 ) in a World Cup soccer European group nine qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong type	Lebed	Lebed	PER	LOC	Lebed , Chechens start peace talks .

Wrong type		Division one	O	MISC	Division one

Wrong type		straddles	O	LOC	The town straddles a strategically important road linking government and rebel-held territory and has fallen succesively to both sides in a bloody tug-of-war which began last February .

Wrong type	Youri Djorkaeff		PER	O	Euro 96 absentee Nicolas Ouedec and Youri Djorkaeff scored the goals as 1998 World Cup hosts France beat Mexico 2-0 in a friendly international on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	U.S.	U.S. church	LOC	LOC	Bernardin , who became archbishop of Cincinnati in 1972 , played an increasingly prominent role in the U.S. church as a moderate voice of compromise among liberals and conservatives in the ranks of the bishops .

Wrong boundary	Italian	Italian war of liberation	MISC	MISC	1860 - Giuseppe Garibaldi leading his " Red Shirts " seized Naples in the Italian war of liberation against the Austrians .

Wrong type	Moslems	Moslems	MISC	LOC	In Jerusalem , Israeli security forces were bracing for thousands of Palestinians expected to answer Arafat 's call earlier this week to come to the city holy to Moslems , Arabs and Jews to pray in protest against Israel 's settlement policy in the West Bank and delay in peace negotiations .

Wrong boundary	Arab 	united Arab	MISC	MISC	" Israel could not confront a united Arab stand or usurp their rights because the Arab rights could be regained when they achieve unity and solidarity , " Damascus radio said .

Wrong type		auto	O	ORG	Automakers , suppliers , insurers and the federal government 's auto safety agency Saturday launched a $ 10 million safety awareness campaign aimed at reducing the number of children killed accidentally by air bags in cars and trucks .

Wrong type	Kansai Electric Power	Kansai Electric Power	ORG	LOC	Next week Kansai Electric Power and Kansai International Airport are likely to launch 10-year dollar deals .

Wrong type	Brent	Brent	ORG	MISC	20202.87 ( - 350.29 ) Sept Brent zinc per tonne

Wrong type		agency	O	ORG	Automakers , suppliers , insurers and the federal government 's auto safety agency Saturday launched a $ 10 million safety awareness campaign aimed at reducing the number of children killed accidentally by air bags in cars and trucks .

Wrong type	Mich	Mich	LOC	PER	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong type		bogeying	O	PER	The 20-year-old Woods , who turned professional Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , struggled on the front nine , bogeying the first and seventh holes and double-bogeying the par-four , 359-yard ninth hole .

Wrong type		Division	O	MISC	Division A

Wrong type	UWP	UWP	ORG	LOC	A consortium of press distributor Hachette and Polish publishers group UWP are seeking more than than 50 percent of Ruch and French President Jacques Chirac is likely to support its case when he visits Poland in September , the daily said .

Wrong type		face-to-face	O	MISC	Russia 's Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday the officials had departed for negotiations in Germany , adding that face-to-face talks between the two sides first took place last December in Amsterdam .

Wrong type		horoscope	O	MISC	She added that the horoscope was purely for security purposes and she was never consulted about political moves .

Wrong boundary	Singer World Series	Singer World Series one-day	MISC	MISC	Sri Lanka beat Australia by four wickets in the third match of the Singer World Series one-day ( 50 overs ) cricket tournament on Friday .

Wrong boundary	O'BRIEN	O'BRIEN SPRING	PER	PER	TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .

Wrong type		right-wingers	O	MISC	Some right-wingers demanded sovereignty in their own territory in the run-up to the elections , saying the alternative was war .

Wrong type		Co-Premiers	O	MISC	Co-Premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen agreed earlier this week to the king 's request for an amnesty .

Wrong type		seatbelts	O	MISC	Janet Dewey , executive director of the industry-funded National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign , said most of the injuries to children occurred because they were not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type	Brunswijk	Brunswijk	PER	MISC	Brunswijk , 35 , denied the charge and reached an agreement with Pinas after replacing a golden necklace lost in the scuffle .

Wrong type		all-time	O	MISC	Randall Cunningham , the National Football League 's all-time leading rusher as a quarterback and one of the most athletic players ever to line up over centre , retired Thursday .

Wrong type	Insein	Insein	LOC	ORG	Hla Than , an elected member of parliament for the NLD , died in early August after being at Insein for six years .

Wrong type		new-look	O	LOC	The Republic of Ireland 's new-look side dispelled painful memories of their last visit to Liechtenstein by beating the Alpine part-timers 5-0 in a World Cup qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong type		Series	O	MISC	Next Series match : India v Zimbabwe , September 1 .

Wrong type	Minnesota	Minnesota	ORG	LOC	Matt Lawton hit a three-run homer off closer Mike Fetters with one out in the ninth to give Minnesota a 4-2 lead .

Wrong type		tenacity	O	ORG	Edberg 's tenacity paid off in the second set .

Wrong type	Al-Akhbar	Al-Akhbar	ORG	PER	Al-Akhbar newspapers said the men had been plotting against " strategic institutions and prominent individuals " but gave no other details .

Wrong type		carded	O	PER	Duffy Waldorf , who also tied for second at the World Series of Golf , carded a 70 to lead a group of six golfers at 13 under , including Kraft .

Wrong boundary	Petofi	Petofi printing	ORG	ORG	I will in fact move to Kecskemet ( site of Petofi printing house ) for the interim and will serve as acting chief executive officer of Petofi , " Frater said .

Wrong boundary	Return of the Legend	Return	MISC	MISC	The fight , Duran 's first on home soil for 10 years , is being billed here as the " Return of the Legend " and Duran still talks as if he was in his prime .

Wrong type	California	California	LOC	ORG	" From a common-sense view , the department should reconsider this plan , but due to politics they will probably go ahead with this , " said Tom Bellamore of the California avocado group .

Wrong type		census takers	O	MISC	It said refugees feared census takers would use indelible ink to mark them so they could be detected by Rwandan government troops and mistreated if they were forced back into Rwanda .

Wrong boundary	John	John and Beryll	PER	PER	Winner owned by John and Beryll Remblance and trained in

Wrong type	Tunbridge Wells	Tunbridge Wells	LOC	PER	Tunbridge Wells : Nottinghamshire 214 ( P. Johnson 84 ; M. McCague 4-55 ) , Kent 108-3 .

Wrong type	Treasury		ORG	O	The September Treasury bond future on the Chicago Board of Trade was trading at 107-11/32 , down 26/32 from Thursday 's settlement price .

Wrong type	Allahu Akhbar	Allahu Akhbar	PER	MISC	Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "

Wrong type	Ontario-based Magna	Ontario-based Magna	MISC	ORG	The acquisition will beef up Markham , Ontario-based Magna 's North American car and truck seating business , allowing it to better compete with Johnson Controls Inc and Lear Corp .

Wrong type	Arctic		MISC	O	The plane smashed into a snow-capped mountain on the Arctic island of Spitzbergen on Thursday , just east of Longyear .

Wrong type	Gulf		LOC	O	U.S. warplanes , ships in Gulf await Clinton order .

Wrong type	Old City		LOC	O	" This most recent measure represents a revival of old , malicious plans to confiscate the land and build units for Israeli settlers within the walls of the Old City . "

Wrong boundary	Sereipheap Thmei	Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty	ORG	ORG	Hen Vipheak , former editor of the Sereipheap Thmei ( New Liberty ) newspaper , stepped through the gates of the run-down French colonial-era T3 prison late Friday afternoon , following intervention on his behalf by King Sihanouk .

Wrong boundary	Dhaka Newsroom	Dhaka	ORG	ORG	-- Dhaka Newsroom 880-2-506363

Wrong boundary	Anthony Quayle 	Sir Anthony Quayle	PER	PER	1913 - Sir Anthony Quayle born .

Wrong boundary	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	ORG	But NationsBank 's bid , representing a premium of 40 percent for Boatmen 's stock , was large enough to get the deal done .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	MISC	Clinton said on Saturday he had ordered U.S. forces in the Gulf to go on high alert and was reinforcing them in response to Iraqi attacks on Kurdish dissidents in northern Iraq .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Amsterdam	Amsterdam newsroom	LOC	ORG	-- Amsterdam newsroom +31 20 504 5000 , Fax +31 20 504 5040

Wrong type	Vaas		PER	O	M. Bevan c Vaas b Chandana 56

Wrong type	Shakil Rizvi	Shakil Rizvi	PER	ORG	There will be both buying and selling pressure , " said broker Shakil Rizvi .

Wrong type	Central Clinical Hospital		LOC	O	Naina Yeltsin is recovering in Moscow 's Central Clinical Hospital , where the president himself was treated twice last year for heart attacks .

Wrong type		grant	O	MISC	The government of Chad has closed N'Djamena University after two days of protests over grant arrears in which Education Minister Nagoum Yamassoum was held hostage for four hours , state radio said on Friday .

Wrong type	Damascus	Damascus	LOC	ORG	" Israel could not confront a united Arab stand or usurp their rights because the Arab rights could be regained when they achieve unity and solidarity , " Damascus radio said .

Wrong boundary	Nancy	Nancy ,	PER	PER	Former U.S. president Ronald Reagan 's wife , Nancy , admitted in her biography My Turn that she regularly consulted an astrologer to help her plan her husband 's schedule .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chechen Republic	Chechen	LOC	MISC	" We just now signed a statement and attached the basic principles of relations between the Russian Federation and the Chechen Republic , " Lebed told reporters after he and Maskhadov signed a package of documents .

Wrong type		tense	O	LOC	NATO monitors Moslem move towards tense village .

Wrong type	OSCE	OSCE	ORG	MISC	The SDA , joined by two other parties , has been demanding that OSCE prohibit refugees voting from any place other than their pre-war place of residence as a means to prevent the elections from ratifying the results of ethnic cleansing .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	U.S. tight-lipped on Libya 's award to Farrakhan .

Wrong type		Fax	O	ORG	Fax : ( 6221 ) 344-8404 .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	FRANCE - Bond and PIBOR futures ended the day higher despite much stronger than expected U.S. data .

Wrong boundary	Strike Hard	Strike	MISC	MISC	Xiao Qiang , executive director of the New York-based group Human Rights in China , said Wang 's arrest on Friday appeared to be part of the national " Strike Hard " campaign that has imprisoned thousands and sent hundreds to their death .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	MISC	More than 300 U.S. warplanes and 20 ships were available on Saturday in case President Bill Clinton ordered the use of U.S. force against Iraqi military action in northern Iraq , U.S. defense officials said .

Wrong type		SKR China	O	ORG	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong type	U.S.-led	U.S.-led	MISC	ORG	U.S.-led allied planes based in Turkey are intended to protect the Kurds from Baghdad .

Wrong type		M1	O	ORG	M1 63.02 62.83 57.50

Wrong type	Alpine		MISC	O	The Republic of Ireland 's new-look side dispelled painful memories of their last visit to Liechtenstein by beating the Alpine part-timers 5-0 in a World Cup qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Islamic	Islamic fundamentalists	MISC	MISC	An estimated 50,000 people had been killed in political violence in Algeria since 1992 , when army-backed authorities cancelled a general election that Islamic fundamentalists had been expected to win .

Wrong type		bordder	O	LOC	Around 1,000 Israeli troops patrol a 15 km ( nine-mile ) south Lebanon occupation zone which the Jewish state carved out in 1985 to prevent attacks on its northern bordder .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Canadian	Canadian liquid	MISC	ORG	Total Canadian liquid assets 107.83 107.24

Wrong type		Blue-chip	O	MISC	Blue-chip stocks sank to their biggest loss since mid-July Thursday as fresh signs of a surprisingly strong economy boosted long-term bond interest rates above 7 percent .

Wrong boundary	Ruch	Ruch newsstand	ORG	ORG	Polish group to bid for Ruch newsstand chain - paper .

Wrong type	Ancell		PER	O	" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .

Wrong boundary	Zeleznik ( B )	Zeleznik ( B	ORG	ORG	Obilic 2 Zeleznik ( B ) 0

Wrong type	Vancouver IndyCar	Vancouver IndyCar	LOC	MISC	Sunday 's Vancouver IndyCar race after final qualifying on

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago	Chicago newsdesk	LOC	ORG	-- Chicago newsdesk , 312 408-8787

Wrong type	Philippine	Philippine	LOC	ORG	An agreement to bring peace to the southern Philippines is set to be initialed on Friday after delegates from the Philippine government and the Moro National Liberation Front ( MNLF ) concluded negotiations on the treaty which is set to end almost 25 years of conflict in the region .

Wrong type	AIDS		MISC	O	Bernardin prayed with him before he died from AIDS last year .

Wrong boundary	All Black	All	ORG	ORG	Honiball converted and Joubert kicked a penalty before All Black hooker Sean Fitzpatrick scored a try from close range on the stroke of half-time to narrow the lead to 16-8 and hint at a comeback .

Wrong boundary	J. Gillespie	J. Gillespie st Kaluwitharana	PER	PER	J. Gillespie st Kaluwitharana b Chandana 6

Wrong type	O'BRIEN	O'BRIEN	PER	ORG	TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .

Wrong type	American Stock Exchange	American Stock Exchange	ORG	MISC	The American Stock Exchange index was down 1.66 points at 559.68 , and was off 1.26 for the week .

Wrong type	Niall Quinn	Niall Quinn	PER	ORG	Keith O'Neill of Norwich City joins Niall Quinn up front .

Wrong type		new England	O	ORG	The world 's costliest footballer Alan Shearer was named as the new England captain on Friday .

Wrong type	Naroff	Naroff	PER	ORG	" The FOMC ( Federal Open Market Committee ) has been forecasting a slowing in economic activity and moderating household demand will have a large impact on overall economic growth , " Naroff said in a written comment .

Wrong type		World Group I	O	MISC	World Group I , first round ( March 1-2 )

Wrong type	Barzani	Barzani	PER	ORG	He said Barzani sent a message to Saddam on August 22 in which he said : " The conspiracy is beyond our capability therefore we plead with your excellency to order Iraqi armed forces to interfere to help us to evade the foreign threat and put an end to Talabani 's treason and conspiracy . "

Wrong boundary	Federal Open Market Committee	Market Committee 	ORG	ORG	While the market continues to price-in higher U.S. interest rates , there was little conviction to the theory that the Federal Reserve would tighten rates before the next Federal Open Market Committee meeting on September 24 .

Wrong type	al-Aqsa	al-Aqsa	LOC	ORG	It is our duty towards al-Aqsa to come and pray , " Jamil said .

Wrong type	MI		LOC	O	ISSUER : Bay Co Building Authority ST : MI

Wrong boundary	Wall Street	Wall	LOC	LOC	Analysts said Wall Street had grown accustomed to a moderate Republican in the form of Democratic President Clinton .

Wrong type	Khurshid Alam	Khurshid Alam	PER	ORG	Broker Khurshid Alam said : " The market sentiment will remain strong .

Wrong type	All-England Club	All-England Club	ORG	LOC	Tarango , whose Wimbledon tantrum two years ago brought him a $ 28,000 fine and suspension from this year 's tournament at the All-England Club , argued calls and taunted fans in his lively two hour , 24 minute tango with Rios on the grandstand .

Wrong type	Bay Co Bldg Auth	Bay Co Bldg Auth	ORG	LOC	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong boundary	Trades Disputes Act	Act 	MISC	MISC	He also got the House of Lords to pass his Trades Disputes Act which gave labour unions more freedom to strike .

Wrong type	Valery Ivankov	Valery Ivankov	PER	ORG	Interfax said Judge Olga Lavrentyeva , 28 , on Thursday ordered the confiscation of several overcoats , suits and shirts which vendor Valery Ivankov , 41 , was illegally trading on Moscow streets and fined him 38,000 roubles ( seven dollars ) .

Wrong type	Remblance		PER	O	Winner owned by John and Beryll Remblance and trained in

Wrong type	Rwandan	Rwandan	MISC	LOC	Zairean Prime Minister Kengo wa Dondo said at the end of a visit to Rwanda last week that the Zairean and Rwandan governments agreed on an " organised , massive and unconditional repatriation " of the 1.1 million Rwandan refugees in Zaire .

Wrong type		methanol	O	MISC	A group of farmers in Huize county in the southwestern province of Yunnan were arrested for blending alcohol with methanol and selling the toxic liquor to local residents , the agency said .

Wrong type	Gulf		LOC	O	The Carl Vinson leads a battle group that includes seven other ships , and there are nine other U.S. ships in the Gulf for a total of 20 .

Wrong type	RDR	RDR	ORG	MISC	" The RDR appeals to all refugees to prepare themselves calmly for the demands of the census agents because it will be in their ultimate interest , " the group said in a statement .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	Lebed said he and Maskhadov agreed to defer by more than five years the painful issue of Chechnya 's political status .

Wrong type	Farrakhan	Farrakhan	PER	LOC	The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday denied Farrakhan 's application to receive the $ 250,000 award or a $ 1 billion donation Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi had pledged to Farrakhan 's Nation of Islam group after they met last January .

Wrong type		thrift .	O	ORG	Louis based thrift .

Wrong type	African National Congress	African National Congress	ORG	MISC	Viljoen broke with other right-wing whites in 1994 by taking part in the country 's first all-race elections in April of that year , saying the only way to attain self-determination was by cooperating with President Nelson Mandela 's majority African National Congress .

Wrong boundary	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS STAKES	MISC	MISC	HORSE RACING - TATTERSALLS BREEDERS STAKES RESULT .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	The Carl Vinson leads a battle group that includes seven other ships , and there are nine other U.S. ships in the Gulf for a total of 20 .

Wrong type	Nikkei		MISC	O	In Tokyo , the key 225-share Nikkei average shed 156.65 points , or 0.76 percent , to end at 20,553.16 .

Wrong type		stadium	O	LOC	Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .

Wrong type	ASHES	ASHES	MISC	ORG	CRICKET - 1997 ASHES INTINERARY .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	PER	" Boatmen 's was the plum of Missouri and was the plum of the central Midwest , " Weber said .

Wrong type	Tanzanian	Tanzanian	MISC	LOC	Italian Foreign Minister Lamberto Dini on Saturday met former Tanzanian president Julius Nyerere , the international negotiator for Burundi , the ministry said .

Wrong type	Air France	Air France	ORG	MISC	France on Friday expelled another African man seized in a police raid on a Paris church as about 100 Air France workers denounced " charters of shame " used to fly illegal immigrants home .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Amateur Championship	U.S. Amateur	MISC	MISC	Woods , who turned pro Tuesday after winning an unprecedented third successive U.S. Amateur Championship , almost eagled the 18th hole .

Wrong boundary	National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign	Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign 	ORG	ORG	Janet Dewey , executive director of the industry-funded National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign , said most of the injuries to children occurred because they were not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type	Vienna-based	Vienna-based	MISC	ORG	Flavio Cotti , the chairman of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , told German radio the Vienna-based body viewed the conflict in Chechnya as an internal Russian problem .

Wrong type	IRA		ORG	O	Dublin-born director Neil Jordan says he never lost more sleep over a film than over " Michael Collins " , his controversial epic about the IRA which has its premiere on Saturday at the Venice Film Festival .

Wrong boundary	Solidarity Meeting for Sarajevo	Solidarity	MISC	MISC	Olympic champion Kenny Harrison and world record holder Jonathan Edwards will both take part in a triple jump competition at the Solidarity Meeting for Sarajevo on September 9 .

Wrong type	Kent	Kent	ORG	PER	After the frustration of seeing the opening day of their match badly affected by the weather , Kent stepped up a gear to dismiss Nottinghamshire for 214 .

Wrong type		M2	O	ORG	M2 389.79 391.32 381.65

Wrong type	Shul'ala	Shul'ala	LOC	ORG	They said a fire broke out at Shul'ala restaurant in the early hours on Saturday in al-Daih village , five km ( three miles ) west of the capital Manama .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	MISC	That refusal led to the imposition of U.N. sanctions on Libya .

Wrong type	Iraqi	Iraqi	MISC	ORG	Earlier on Saturday , an Iraqi Kurd leader said both Iraqi troops and Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) forces were attacking the city of Arbil in northern Iraq .

Wrong type	N. Korea	N. Korea	LOC	ORG	N. Korea urges S. Korea to return war veteran .

Wrong type	Samokhvalova	Samokhvalova	PER	LOC	Samokhvalova ( Russia ) 3:45.011

Wrong type	Midwest	Midwest	LOC	MISC	While production and orders rose at Midwest area businesses , the prices they paid for goods used in manufacturing remained well in check .

Wrong type		subversive	O	MISC	At least 20 people were killed in the capital in early July after bodyguards loyal to Gaddafi 's sons fired at spectators of a football match who were chanting subversive slogans .

Wrong type		Co-Premiers	O	ORG	Co-Premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen agreed earlier this week to the king 's request for an amnesty .

Wrong boundary	Palestinian U.N.	Palestinian U.N. observer mission	MISC	MISC	Responding to a letter from the the Palestinian U.N. observer mission , Security Council President Tono Eitel of Germany said that members asked him to convey their views to Israel 's charge d'affaires , David Peleg .

Wrong type	U. Chandana	U. Chandana	PER	LOC	U. Chandana not out 14

Wrong boundary	OFK Beograd	Beograd 	ORG	ORG	Buducnost ( V ) 0 OFK Beograd 1

Wrong boundary	Brown Deer Park Golf Course	Brown Deer Park Golf	LOC	LOC	Parnevik tied the 18-hole record set by Loren Roberts in 1994 at the Brown Deer Park Golf Course and also equalled Saturday by Greg Kraft .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Bay Co Bldg Auth	Bay Co Bldg	ORG	LOC	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong type		wk	O	ORG	Wk to Aug 28 Chg on wk Chg on yr

Wrong type	U.S. Treasury	U.S. Treasury	ORG	LOC	UNITED STATES - Prices of U.S. Treasury securities were trading sharply lower near midday after a surprisingly strong Chicago Purchasing Managers ' report shook the markets ahead of the long Labour Day weekend .

Wrong type		reprising	O	PER	The 11th-seeded Washington fell short of reprising his Wimbledon miracle comeback as he lost to red-hot wildcard Alex O'Brien 6-3 6-4 5-7 3-6 6-3 in a two hour 51 minute struggle on the Stadium court .

Wrong type		chemotherapy	O	MISC	" I have been assured that I still have some quality time left , " he said , saying he would undergo a new form of chemotherapy but his doctors have told him there was only a slim chance of a cure and the liver cancer was inoperable .

Wrong type	Wimbledon	Wimbledon	MISC	LOC	Next door on the grandstand , 10th seed Rios lost to another player with a Wimbledon connection -- bad boy Jeff Tarango .

Wrong type	Ruch	Ruch	ORG	PER	A consortium of press distributor Hachette and Polish publishers group UWP are seeking more than than 50 percent of Ruch and French President Jacques Chirac is likely to support its case when he visits Poland in September , the daily said .

Wrong type	WBC	WBC	ORG	MISC	The Briton , who lost his World Boxing Council ( WBC ) title to Mike Tyson in March , said : " I was in shock as soon as he told me and it still has n't really sunk in .

Wrong type		chemotherapy	O	MISC	He was scheduled to undergo back surgery next month , but that was cancelled when the cancer was discovered in his liver in order to avoid delaying the start of chemotherapy .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	PER	They also questioned whether NationsBank can recoup shareholder value with such a large bid for Boatmen 's .

Wrong type		gendarmes	O	PER	" The minister and his colleagues who were held in the rector 's office were freed thanks an intervention by gendarmes , " one university official said .

Wrong type		Avg shrs	O	ORG	Avg shrs 4,666 3,944

Wrong type	Ellis Park	Ellis Park	LOC	PER	South Africa managed to avoid a fifth successive defeat in 1996 at the hands of the All Blacks with an emphatic 32-22 victory in front of an ecstatic Ellis Park crowd on Saturday .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	PER	But NationsBank 's bid , representing a premium of 40 percent for Boatmen 's stock , was large enough to get the deal done .

Wrong type	Afrikaners	Afrikaners	MISC	ORG	Constand Viljoen , leader of the Freedom Front party , told a news conference in Pretoria self-determination for Afrikaners could begin at local government level .

Wrong type		pit	O	ORG	At the end of pit trade , December bonds were off 27/32 at 106-25/32 , 10-year notes down 21/32 at 105-17/32 , munibonds off 17/32 at 111-20/32 , December Eurodollars were down 11 bps at 93.94 , March Eurodollars were off 13 bps at 93.72 and March T-bills were down 12 bps at 94.33 .

Wrong type	Atlanta Games	Atlanta Games	MISC	LOC	Atlanta Games silver medal winner Edwards has called on other leading athletes to take part in the Sarajevo meeting -- a goodwill gesture towards Bosnia as it recovers from the war in the Balkans -- two days after the grand prix final in Milan .

Wrong type		mid-curve	O	ORG	One U.S. firm bought 35,000 September 97 mid-curve put options at a strike price of 93.25 to 93.30 in the last two sessions , while a French firm bought 4,000 September 93.30 to 93.32 put spreads .

Wrong type	Arctic		MISC	O	The windblown , chilly streets of this tiny Arctic town are all but deserted and flags are flying at half-mast beneath a brooding , clouded sky .

Wrong type	Urus-Martan	Urus-Martan	LOC	PER	Urus-Martan is a traditionally anti-separatist pocket in Chechnya and Moscow-backed leader Doku Zavgayev , who has been sidelined in the peace deal , has warned that it and places like it could become centres of civil war if Russian troops leave .

Wrong type	CFDT		ORG	O	A Guinean man , detained in a round-up in the Saint-Bernard church a week ago , was deported on a scheduled Air France flight to Conakry after his appeals failed , a spokesman for Air France 's pro-Socialist CFDT union said .

Wrong type		department	O	ORG	The California Avocado Commission -- which has spearheaded the opposition to lifting the ban -- said new data the group submitted to the Agriculture Department last spring shows the department underestimated the pest problem in Mexico and have urged that the agency reopen its study of the issue .

Wrong type		appeal	O	ORG	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong boundary	Jones	Jones common	ORG	ORG	Jones Medical Industries Inc said Friday it completed the acquisition of Daniels Pharmaceuticals Inc of St. Petersburg , Fla. , for about 2,960,000 shares of Jones common stock .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Interstates 80	Interstates	LOC	MISC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong boundary	Federal Open Market Committee	Federal	ORG	ORG	" The FOMC ( Federal Open Market Committee ) has been forecasting a slowing in economic activity and moderating household demand will have a large impact on overall economic growth , " Naroff said in a written comment .

Wrong type	Hong Kong Open	Hong Kong Open	MISC	LOC	Jansher , bidding for an eighth Hong Kong Open title , plays second-seeded Australian Rodney Eyles in the final .

Wrong type		mineral water	O	ORG	Zycie Warszawy said its own publisher , mineral water firm Multico , and a group headed by Polish businessman Zygmunt Solorz were forming a consortium which would offer about $ 120 million , with finance provided by BRE .

Wrong boundary	Test and County Cricket Board	County Cricket Board 	ORG	ORG	starting on May 13 next year , the Test and County Cricket Board

Wrong type	Ericsson	Ericsson	ORG	MISC	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Solidarity Meeting for Sarajevo	Solidarity	MISC	LOC	Olympic champion Kenny Harrison and world record holder Jonathan Edwards will both take part in a triple jump competition at the Solidarity Meeting for Sarajevo on September 9 .

Wrong type		Duke	O	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .

Wrong boundary	MEDIA INDONESIA	INDONESIA 	ORG	ORG	MEDIA INDONESIA

Wrong type		nations	O	LOC	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong type	Dini	Dini	PER	LOC	Italy 's Dini meets Burundi negotiator Nyerere .

Wrong type	Newcastle		ORG	O	He will probably be replaced by Shearer 's Newcastle team mate Les Ferdinand .

Wrong type		university	O	ORG	Chad government closes university after protests .

Wrong type		salvaging	O	PER	They scored three tries in recording their highest total against New Zealand , salvaging some pride in a season in which the world champions have lost five out of eight tests .

Wrong type	Nation of Islam		ORG	O	The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday denied Farrakhan 's application to receive the $ 250,000 award or a $ 1 billion donation Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi had pledged to Farrakhan 's Nation of Islam group after they met last January .

Wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT		MISC	O	BASKETBALL - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong boundary	Hector " Macho " Camacho	Hector	PER	PER	Duran , whose 97-12 record spans three decades , hopes a win in the 10-round bout will earn him a rematch against Puerto Rico 's Hector " Macho " Camacho .

Wrong type	Bevan		PER	O	6-0-26-0 , Bevan 4-0-18-0 .

Wrong type		EDT	O	MISC	In other news , the Toronto Bond Traders ' Association said it is recommending that dealings in the Canadian bond market end early at 1400 EDT / 1800 GMT on Friday .

Wrong type	Toronto Bond Traders ' Association	Toronto Bond Traders ' Association	ORG	LOC	In other news , the Toronto Bond Traders ' Association said it is recommending that dealings in the Canadian bond market end early at 1400 EDT / 1800 GMT on Friday .

Wrong boundary	Zeleznik ( B )	Zeleznik	ORG	ORG	Zeleznik ( B ) 4 1 0 3 4 7 3

Wrong boundary	Federal Reserve	Reserve 	ORG	ORG	Analysts said the reports implied the economy was not slowing down in the third quarter after a burst of growth in the spring , and that the lull in late June and July was more temporary than Federal Reserve policy-makers had wanted .

Wrong type	New York	New York	LOC	ORG	Gold closed down at $ 387.00 / $ 387.50 an ounce in Hong Kong on Friday , versus New York 's $ 387.60 / $ 388 finish on Thursday .

Wrong type	GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN		MISC	O	GOLF - LEADING SCORES AT GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	" Last year we stood on the court after we had lost and we put out hands together and made it our committment to bring back the Cup , " U.S. captain Billie Jean King said at the draw . "

Wrong type	Eitel	Eitel	PER	ORG	" The members expressed their concern about the maintenance of the peace process and they urged that no action be taken that would have a negative impact on the negotiations , " Eitel said after an informal council session .

Wrong type	Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation		ORG	O	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type	Hutus	Hutus	MISC	PER	Many of the 1.1 million Rwandan Hutu refugees in Zaire and nearly 600,000 in Tanzania refuse to go home , saying they fear reprisals for the 1994 genocide in Rwanda of up to a million people by Hutus .

Wrong boundary	Dutch	Dutch transport ministry	MISC	MISC	The Dutch transport ministry had come in for pressure from a cross-section of Dutch members of parliaments in May this year , some of whom believed the aircraft had been carrying unlisted , dangerous goods .

Wrong boundary	JANSHER	JANSHER A	PER	PER	SQUASH - HILL BRANDS WORLD CHAMPION JANSHER A CHEAT .

Wrong type	Batajnica	Batajnica	LOC	ORG	The Batajnica airport will take over complete air traffic control during this period , Federal Air Traffic Control Administration Director Branko Bilbija said .

Wrong type	Budapest Stock Exchange	Budapest Stock Exchange	ORG	LOC	Shares of France-registered printed packaging company Cofinec S.A. plunged sharply on the Budapest Stock Exchange ( BSE ) on Friday , despite a mostly reassuring forecast by the group .

Wrong type	KeyCorp		ORG	O	KeyCorp , contacted by phone , would not comment .

Wrong boundary	European Union	European	ORG	ORG	Erdmann told reporters Bonn supported European Union efforts to persuade Israel to stop further Jewish settlement on the West Bank .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Boatmen 's	Boatmen	ORG	PER	" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .

Wrong type	Soul Alone	Soul Alone	MISC	ORG	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Breisach	Breisach	LOC	ORG	Charles ceded Alsace and Strasbourg to France and got back Breisach , Kehl and Freiburg .

Wrong type		bank	O	PER	bank said .

Wrong type	Wimbledon	Wimbledon	MISC	LOC	" I did n't really feel good to begin with , I had problems finding the timing on the ball , seeing the ball , " said Edberg , who upset Wimbledon champion and fifth-seeded Richard Krajicek in the first round .

Wrong type	Wuxi	Wuxi	LOC	ORG	The partners will invest around $ 30 million in the existing copper cable plant at Wuxi to update technology and include optic fibre production , with annual turnover expected to reach $ 60 million within the next few years .

Wrong type	CFDT		ORG	O	" We must obtain a formal commitment from ( Air France chairman ) Christian Blanc that no plane , no personnel be used to transform our air companies into charters of shame , " CFDT spokesman Francois Cabrera said .

Wrong boundary	British Labour Party	British Labour	ORG	ORG	British Labour Party leader Tony Blair won a narrow victory on Saturday when the party 's Scottish executive voted 21-18 in favour of his plans for a referendum on a separate parliament for Scotland .

Wrong type	F-14	F-14	MISC	ORG	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong boundary	Central Jakarta District Court	District Court 	ORG	ORG	The Central Jakarta District Court has started to hear the suit filed by ousted Indonesian Democratic Party ( PDI ) leader Megawati Sukarnoputri against the government and party rivals after the parties failed to reach an out-of-court settlement .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S.	U.S. avocado growers	LOC	ORG	The plan has raised a storm of protest from U.S. avocado growers , who are largely concentrated in California .

Wrong type	Albright	Albright	PER	ORG	Albright will meet Foreign Minister Jose Miguel Insulza Monday for talks on issues currently up for debate on the council , of which Chile is a non-permanent member , a U.S. embassy statement said .

Wrong type		Automakers	O	PER	Automakers petitioned the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to allow them to introduce air bags that inflate less aggressively to help reduce unwanted injuries .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	U.S.	U.S. defense	LOC	ORG	The U.S. defense officials said military flights to enforce no-fly zones in both northern and southern Iraq doubled over the weekend .

Wrong type	Yonhap	Yonhap	ORG	LOC	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong boundary	National League	National	MISC	MISC	Brown ( 14-10 ) tied Todd Stottlemyre of the Cardinals for the National League lead with his fifth complete game and lowered his major league-leading earned run average from 1.96 to 1.92 .

Wrong type	KDP	KDP	ORG	LOC	U.N. relief officials said they were not aware that the tanks advancing on Arbil were manned by Iraqi troops as they advanced from KDP-controlled areas and raised KDP flags .

Wrong type	Chechens	Chechens	MISC	PER	Lebed , Chechens sign framework political deal .

Wrong type	Lehmann	Lehmann	PER	ORG	Fleming 8-1-26-3 , Gillespie 6-0-27-0 , M. Waugh 5-0-29-0 , Lehmann

Wrong type		MO data	O	PER	A sharp plunge in U.S. Treasuries after a shock rise in the Chicago PMI pulled gilts lower , but traders said the market was nervous anyway ahead of August MO data and the PMI survey due on Monday .

Wrong type		chemotherapy	O	MISC	Bernardin , 68 , underwent extensive surgery for pancreatic cancer in June 1995 followed by months of chemotherapy , which he said made him more aware of his own vulnerabilities and the need to minister to the sick .

Wrong type	Puig	Puig	PER	ORG	The book , which has been translated into 40 languages , deals with a day in the life of Santiago de Cuba , Puig 's native city , under the pre-Castro government of Fulgencio Batista .

Wrong type	Kaluwitharana	Kaluwitharana	PER	ORG	D. Lehmann st Kaluwitharana b Chandana 2

Wrong boundary	African National Congress 	majority African National Congress	ORG	ORG	Viljoen broke with other right-wing whites in 1994 by taking part in the country 's first all-race elections in April of that year , saying the only way to attain self-determination was by cooperating with President Nelson Mandela 's majority African National Congress .

Wrong type	Minor Counties XI		ORG	O	July 9 v Minor Counties XI

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	The Texan blasted in two aces to hold serve at 5-2 and then converted his eighth match point for victory when Washington found the net with another backhand from 40-0 .

Wrong boundary	Khmer Nation Party	Khmer Nation Party steering committee	ORG	ORG	The Supreme Court had on August 23 sent the opposition Khmer Nation Party steering committee member to jail after upholding rulings by the municipal and appeal courts that handed down a five million riels ( $ 2,000 ) fine and one year 's imprisonment .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ BEOGRAD	MISC	PER	BASKETBALLSOCCER - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type	Wuhan	Wuhan	LOC	MISC	Wuhan consumes more than 200 million disposable plastic containers a year , the newspaper said .

Wrong type		ST	O	LOC	ISSUER : Bay Co Building Authority ST : MI

Wrong type	Zycie Warszawy	Zycie Warszawy	ORG	PER	A Polish consortium including the Bank Rozwoju Exportu SA ( BRE ) plans to rival France 's Hachette in bidding for Polish state-owned press distribution chain Ruch SA , Zycie Warszawy daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type		airbags	O	ORG	" Even if changes are made to airbags today , we 'd still have 20 million vehicles on the road with current technology , " Dewey said . "

Wrong type	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS	TATTERSALLS BREEDERS	MISC	ORG	HORSE RACING - TATTERSALLS BREEDERS STAKES RESULT .

Wrong boundary	Trofej Beograd 96	Trofej	MISC	MISC	Benetton of Italy beat Dinamo of Russia 92-81 ( halftime 50-28 ) in a fifth place play-off in the Trofej Beograd 96 international basketball tournament on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Dow Chemical Co	Dow Chemical Co of	ORG	ORG	The Dow Chemical Co of the United States will invest $ 4 billion to build an ethylene plant in Tianjin city in northern China , the China Daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type	Jones	Jones	ORG	PER	Jones stock closed down 1/8 at 40 Friday .

Wrong type		three-time	O	MISC	A three-time Pro Bowl selection , Cunningham rushed for 4,482 yards on 677 carries .

Wrong type		peseta	O	ORG	A late goal by newly-signed defender Roberto Carlos saved the blushes of Real Madrid coach Fabio Capello and his multi-billion peseta line-up in the opening game of the Spanish championship on Saturday .

Wrong type	Nagorno-Karabakh	Nagorno-Karabakh	LOC	ORG	Azerbaijan has said it is prepared to grant autonomy to Nagorno-Karabakh if Armenian forces pull out , but will not accept Armenia 's demands for the independence of the enclave .

Wrong type	Lada Togliatti		ORG	O	The head of the Russian league 's disciplinary committee , Anatoly Gorokhovsky , said on Friday that Rotor would play Lada Togliatti to empty stands on September 3 .

Wrong boundary	Dow Chemical	Dow Chemical in China ethylene	ORG	ORG	Dow Chemical in China ethylene venture .

Wrong boundary	Turin 	of Orleans besieging Turin	LOC	PER	1706 - French troops under Duke of Orleans besieging Turin were defeated by the Austrians under Prince Eugene , the French army was destroyed and they ceased trying to capture northern Italy .

Wrong type	Charles de Gaulle	Charles de Gaulle	LOC	PER	About 100 people from the CFDT and the Communist-led CGT unions marched outside Air France headquarters at Charles de Gaulle airport north of Paris against the use of civilian jets and staff in deporting illegal immigrants .

Wrong type		first All Black	O	MISC	It also ended a run of nine successive victories this year for New Zealand but arrived too late to prevent a 2-1 series defeat and an historic first All Black series triumph on South African soil .

Wrong boundary	Radnicki ( N )	N ) 	ORG	ORG	Radnicki ( N ) - Spartak ( to be played on Sunday )

Wrong type	El Al	El Al	ORG	PER	She said that a request from her ministry for the aircraft 's waybill documentation and further information about the contents of its hold had been complied with by El Al 's head office in Tel Aviv .

Wrong type		enthroned	O	PER	1986 - Bishop Desmond Tutu was enthroned as Archbishop of Cape Town , South Africa .

Wrong type		law enforcement ctr	O	ORG	ISSUE : Bldg auth ( law enforcement ctr ) Series 1996-A TAX STAT : Exempt-REV

Wrong type	Venter		PER	O	A quick penalty from Van der Westhuizen five metres from the All Black line set up the third try for Venter five minutes later and when Joubert kicked his third penalty the Springboks held an unassailable 32-8 lead going into the last quarter .

Wrong type		air expeditionary	O	ORG	They said 200 fighter planes , including 79 on the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson , were already in the Gulf ; the aircraft carrier Enterprise was in the eastern Mediterranean with 79 more , and an air expeditionary force with up to 40 more was ready to fly from the United States if ordered .

Wrong type	Hachette	Hachette	ORG	PER	A Polish consortium including the Bank Rozwoju Exportu SA ( BRE ) plans to rival France 's Hachette in bidding for Polish state-owned press distribution chain Ruch SA , Zycie Warszawy daily said on Saturday .

Wrong type	OSCE		ORG	O	But one must not forget that the OSCE only has limited powers there , " said Cotti , who is also the Swiss foreign minister . "

Wrong boundary	Bay Co Building Authority	Bay Co Building	ORG	ORG	ISSUER : Bay Co Building Authority ST : MI

Wrong type	Mao Tse-Tung	Mao Tse-Tung	PER	MISC	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong type		super	O	MISC	Duran , 45 , takes on little-known Mexican Ariel Cruz , 30 , in a super middleweight non-title bout in Panama City .

Wrong boundary	Libyan	Libyan revolution	MISC	MISC	- Speaker of parliament Habib Boulares arrives in Tripoli to represent President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali at the Libyan revolution anniversary celebrations .

Wrong type	Bevan	Bevan	PER	ORG	6-0-26-0 , Bevan 4-0-18-0 .

Wrong type		Comex	O	LOC	Silver , basis the September contract on New York 's Comex market , was expected to find support at between $ 5.12 - $ 5.15 an ounce and meet resistance from $ 5.25 - $ 5.30 , they added .

Wrong type	Buyoya		PER	O	The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned the coup by retired Tutsi major Pierre Buyoya and for the first time said in a resolution it intended to pressure Buyoya into unconditional negotiations with all parties and factions " without exception " .

Wrong type	Harlequins	Harlequins	ORG	PER	Harlequins 75 Gloucester 19

Wrong type		lubricants	O	LOC	Caltex Petroleum Corp plans to build a lubricants blender in a bonded zone in Tianjin , the newspaper said .

Wrong type	Milan		LOC	O	The shares rose 0.2 percent to 2,555 lire by 1350 GMT in an easier Milan stock market .

Wrong type		Timor	O	ORG	Around 2,000 of Indonesia 's controversial Timor national car made by Kia Motor Corp of South Korea arrived at Jakarta 's Tanjung Priok port on Thursday .

Wrong boundary	Italian	Italian war	MISC	MISC	1860 - Giuseppe Garibaldi leading his " Red Shirts " seized Naples in the Italian war of liberation against the Austrians .

Wrong type		N /	O	ORG	Shrs offered by company N / A

Wrong type		assets	O	ORG	Total Canadian liquid assets 107.83 107.24

Wrong boundary	German	German Defence	MISC	MISC	Before Levy 's arrival in Bonn , German Defence Minister Volker Ruehe will visit Israel from September 2 to 4 , the defence ministry said .

Wrong type	NLD	NLD	ORG	MISC	But Suu Kyi disagreed with the methods , saying officials often arrested NLD supporters in the middle of the night , then did not give them the opportunity to defend themselves in trials .

Wrong type	Artisans for Peace	Artisans for Peace	MISC	ORG	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong boundary	Euro 	six Euro	MISC	MISC	Roberto Bisconti will be sidelined for six Euro ties after pushing the referee in the back as he protested about a Karlsruhe goal , while Didier Ernst was banned for four matches for a verbal attack soon after Bisconti was also dismissed .

Wrong type		lira	O	ORG	ITALY - Bond futures held to easier levels in late afternoon after the sharp drop in Treasuries , but a resilient lira helped limit BTP losses .

Wrong boundary	Schindler 's List	Schindler	MISC	MISC	Leeson , the Northern Ireland-born actor who was nominated for an Oscar for best actor for his performance in " Schindler 's List " , plays the lead role in Jordan 's film .

Wrong type		Afrikaners	O	PER	South African right-wing Afrikaners on Saturday revived their campaign for a form of self-rule , identifying a sparsely-populated area in Northern Cape province as the best place for a home of their own .

Wrong type		twilight zone	O	ORG	For Wall Street , this is the season to be cautious as the presidential contest puts the stock market in the twilight zone .

Wrong type	Pirelli	Pirelli	ORG	PER	This will be Pirelli 's first industrial involvement in a Chinese market where demand for telecommunication networks is expected to grow to 80-100 million new lines between 1996 and 2000 , doubling demand for optical cables .

Wrong type	Tacambaro	Tacambaro	LOC	ORG	Gonzalo Montoya , a police commander in Tacambaro , told Radio Red the group was armed with AK-47s and other high-powered assault rifles and wore military-style fatigues .

Wrong boundary	First Union	First Union bank in Philadelphia	ORG	ORG	Economist Joel Naroff of First Union bank in Philadelphia said consumer spending , which fuels two-thirds of the nation 's economy , may be much slower in the third quarter than in the first half , which should slow economic growth .

Wrong boundary	The Collapse	The	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Ericsson	Ericsson	ORG	PER	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	El Al	El Al	ORG	PER	Jorritsma said the latest evidence from El Al in no way supported the allegations , and added there is no justification for a further investigation into the incident .

Wrong type	Kurds	Kurds	MISC	LOC	Kurdistan Democratic Party ( KDP ) of Massoud Barzani said that it was being backed by Iraqi heavy armour and artillery in a battle with rival Kurds for the city of Arbil , a senior U.N. official in Baghdad said .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	" The film spares neither the Irish nor the British in its depiction of the savagery of the time , " Jordan said in a statement released by Warner Bros . "

Wrong type		national news agency	O	ORG	A gang of thieves in eastern Nigeria paid a police corporal to carry off eight air conditioners they had just stolen , the national news agency reported on Friday .

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	Washington , who climbed back from a 1-5 deficit , two sets down in the third set against Todd Martin in the Wimbledon semifinals , looked poised for another sensational comeback .

Wrong type	EOE	EOE	ORG	MISC	He said no date had been fixed yet for the start of price making in the 10-year contract , but the EOE had agreed to speak again to the participants in one to two weeks .

Wrong type		four	O	MISC	Austria and Scotland drew 0-0 in a World Cup soccer European group four qualifier on Saturday .

Wrong boundary	Ellis Park 	ecstatic Ellis Park	LOC	MISC	South Africa managed to avoid a fifth successive defeat in 1996 at the hands of the All Blacks with an emphatic 32-22 victory in front of an ecstatic Ellis Park crowd on Saturday .

Wrong type	KDP		ORG	O	Iraq 's Aziz says Baghdad aiding KDP against rivals .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chinese	Chinese Nationalist	MISC	ORG	Chen , a former army secretary of the Chinese Nationalist regime which fled from mainland China to Taiwan in 1949 , pleaded guilty to trafficking 42 kg ( 92 pounds ) of drugs that could have been turned into 25 kg ( 55 pounds ) of heroin .

Wrong type		auto safety agency	O	ORG	Automakers , suppliers , insurers and the federal government 's auto safety agency Saturday launched a $ 10 million safety awareness campaign aimed at reducing the number of children killed accidentally by air bags in cars and trucks .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	PER	Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "

Wrong type		Intelligence	O	ORG	The film , starring Liam Neeson and Julia Roberts , recounts the life of Michael Collins , the Irish Republican Army 's Director of Intelligence who fought for Irish independence from 1919 to 1921 .

Wrong type	Ince	Ince	PER	ORG	Ince was clambering over a wall at the Republican stadium in Chisinau as Glenn Hoddle 's England players tried to escape heavy rain during an under-21 clash .

Wrong type	Arbil	Arbil	LOC	PER	Arbil lies within the so-called safe haven set up at the end of the 1991 Gulf War on the suggestion of British Prime Minister John Major to protect Iraqi Kurds from attack by the Iraqi military .

Wrong type	Pirelli	Pirelli	ORG	PER	Pirelli is linking with Hong Kong-based group CITIC Pacific in a venture to be called the Wuxi Tong Ling Company Ltd , which will operate in partnership with a local industrial company at its existing factory in Wuxi , Jiangsu province , Shanghai .

Wrong type	Casa de Narino	Casa de Narino	LOC	PER	" These are powerful weapons , " a spokesman with the Municipal Police told Reuters by telephone , adding that police had not ruled out a possible terrorist attack on the ornate Casa de Narino presidential palace in Bogota 's historic downtown area .

Wrong type	Tutsi	Tutsi	MISC	PER	The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned the coup by retired Tutsi major Pierre Buyoya and for the first time said in a resolution it intended to pressure Buyoya into unconditional negotiations with all parties and factions " without exception " .

Wrong boundary	Return of the Legend	Return of the	MISC	MISC	The fight , Duran 's first on home soil for 10 years , is being billed here as the " Return of the Legend " and Duran still talks as if he was in his prime .

Wrong boundary	Northern Cape	Northern Cape province	LOC	LOC	South African right-wing Afrikaners on Saturday revived their campaign for a form of self-rule , identifying a sparsely-populated area in Northern Cape province as the best place for a home of their own .

Wrong boundary	Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation	International Organisation 	ORG	ORG	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong type	LIFFE		ORG	O	The September bond future on LIFFE was trading at 115.45 , down 0.13 from Thursday 's settlement price .

Wrong boundary	U.N. Council	U.N.	ORG	ORG	U.N. Council concerned about Israeli bulldozers .

Wrong boundary	Bay Co Bldg Auth	Bay Co	ORG	ORG	PRESALE - Bay Co Bldg Auth , Mich ..

Wrong type		fraternities	O	ORG	" I played some of my best tennis in college when fraternities were throwing beer on me .

Wrong type		of Europe	O	MISC	Before the match Deportivo chairman Augusto Lendoiro said he would ignore a FIFA decision banning Brazilian midfielder Mauro Silva from playing in the match for failing to join his national side 's tour of Europe .

Wrong type	Strasbourg	Strasbourg	LOC	ORG	Charles ceded Alsace and Strasbourg to France and got back Breisach , Kehl and Freiburg .

Wrong type	PARNEVIK	PARNEVIK	PER	ORG	GOLF - PARNEVIK TAKES ONE-SHOT LEAD AT GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN .

Wrong type	GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN	GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN	MISC	LOC	GOLF - LEADING SCORES AT GREATER MILWAUKEE OPEN .

Wrong type	Boxing-Bruno	Boxing-Bruno	MISC	LOC	Boxing-Bruno quits on doctor 's advice .

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	MISC	Russian peacemaker Alexander Lebed said he and rebel military leader Aslan Maskhadov agreed after overnight talks to defer the decision on whether Chechnya should be independent until December 31 , 2001 .

Wrong boundary	Jones	Jones common stock	ORG	ORG	Jones Medical Industries Inc said Friday it completed the acquisition of Daniels Pharmaceuticals Inc of St. Petersburg , Fla. , for about 2,960,000 shares of Jones common stock .

Wrong type		astrologer	O	MISC	Paper says Thatcher 's office consulted astrologer .

Wrong boundary	A Woman	A	MISC	MISC	The titles of his other novels translate as " In the Year of January " ( 1963 ) , " The Collapse " ( 1964 ) , " Sleeping Bread " ( 1975 ) , " The Decaying Mansion " ( 1977 ) and " A World of Things " ( 1982 ) , followed by " The Knot , " " Soul Alone " and , most recently , " A Woman . "

Wrong type	Chechnya	Chechnya	LOC	PER	Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin said on Friday that President Boris Yeltsin , who is vacationing outside Moscow , had backed security chief Alexander Lebed 's peace plan for Chechnya , Interfax news agency said .

Wrong boundary	East Coast	East	LOC	LOC	The first portion of the campaign involves pickup trucks equipped with billboards that were driving along some of the nation 's busiest interstate highways during the Labor Day weekend , including Interstate 95 on the East Coast , Interstates 80 and 90 in the Midwest and Interstate 5 in California .

Wrong type	Titanic	Titanic	MISC	LOC	Titanic recovery mission is scrapped .

Wrong type		northern war	O	ORG	North Korea demanded on Saturday that South Korea return a northern war veteran who has been in the South since the 1950-53 war , Seoul 's unification ministry said .

Wrong boundary	Billy Andrade	Billy	PER	PER	Henke stood two strokes ahead of Bob Estes and three up on Billy Andrade , Duffy Waldorf and Jesper Parnevik .

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	O'Brien , a winner two weeks ago in New Haven for his first pro title , served for the match at 5-4 in the third set before Washington came charging back .

Wrong boundary	U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon	U.N. Interim	ORG	ORG	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Jackson Hole symposium	Jackson Hole	MISC	PER	Earlier in the day , Fed chairman Alan Greenspan said at the annual Jackson Hole symposium that the goal of price stability is within reach for major nations .

Wrong type		tranquil	O	LOC	A Reuters reporter who entered Mahala on Saturday morning found it tranquil but NATO troops and U.N. police were seen on the ground and NATO helicopters flew overhead .

Wrong type		anti-abortion policy	O	ORG	Previously , he was instrumental in drafting church policy on war , peace and nuclear arms , and for seven years he headed the bishops ' anti-abortion policy committee , espousing a policy describing human life as a " seamless garment . "

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	LOC	The fifth set stayed on serve until the sixth game , when Washington , after saving one break point with a forehand winner down the line , netted a backhand to give O'Brien a 4-2 lead .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	LOC	Noting that information about Collins was " as mysterious as the existence he maintained " , Jordan said he made some historical assumptions in the film .

Wrong type		city	O	LOC	Palestinian President Arafat , attacking Israel 's decision to expand Jewish settlements and its policy on Jerusalem , went before the Palestinian legislature on Wednesday to urge the two million Arabs in the West Bank and Gaza to go to the holy city .

Wrong type		five nations	O	MISC	Representatives of the five nations making up the committee -- Israel , Lebanon , Syria , France and the United States -- will meet at 11 a.m. ( 0800 GMT ) in Naqoura , the coastal headquarters of the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) .

Wrong type	Arafat	Arafat	PER	ORG	" I am heeding Abu Ammar 's ( Arafat 's ) call to pray at al-Aqsa and I came .

Wrong type	Dole	Dole	PER	ORG	Dole team seeking to pin down debate details .

Wrong type	Clintons	Clintons	PER	MISC	Geraghty said that the one thing that could completely turn the election around are new findings in the Whitewater scandal that would damage the Clintons .

Wrong type		fraternities	O	MISC	" I played some of my best tennis in college when fraternities were throwing beer on me .

Wrong type		stadium	O	LOC	The 30-year-old Edberg , a former two-time Open champion , had wrestled control of the match away from Karbacher when the German , hampered by a left hamstring injury , decided he could n't continue under the stadium lights at the National Tennis Centre .

Wrong type	Vidadi Rzayev		PER	O	Vidadi Rzayev ( 28th )

Wrong type	1966-76 Cultural Revolution		MISC	O	Police also would not say why Wang was being sent to a study class -- a holdover from the chaotic 1966-76 Cultural Revolution -- or say when he would be released , the group said .

Wrong type		Heat	O	ORG	Heat hit a session low of 62.45 shortly before the close .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Mona Eltahawy	Mona	PER	ORG	Mona Eltahawy

Wrong type	Dini	Dini	PER	ORG	Italy 's Dini meets Burundi negotiator Nyerere .

Wrong type		Comex	O	MISC	Silver , basis the September contract on New York 's Comex market , was expected to find support at between $ 5.12 - $ 5.15 an ounce and meet resistance from $ 5.25 - $ 5.30 , they added .

Wrong type	Benes		PER	O	Benes ( 12-8 ) allowed three runs , walked three and struck out three for the win .

Wrong boundary	Saint-Bernard	Saint-Bernard church	LOC	LOC	A Guinean man , detained in a round-up in the Saint-Bernard church a week ago , was deported on a scheduled Air France flight to Conakry after his appeals failed , a spokesman for Air France 's pro-Socialist CFDT union said .

Wrong boundary	Buducnost ( V )	Buducnost ( V	ORG	ORG	Buducnost ( V ) 0 OFK Beograd 1

Wrong type	Moscow	Moscow	LOC	ORG	Lying three points behind Alania and two behind Dynamo Moscow , the Volgograd side have a game in hand over the leaders and two over the Moscow club .

Wrong type	Rios	Rios	PER	MISC	At the end of the match , Tarango blew sarcastic kisses to the crowd , then jiggled his body to a Rios rooting section in a jeering salute .

Wrong type		Automakers	O	ORG	Automakers petitioned the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to allow them to introduce air bags that inflate less aggressively to help reduce unwanted injuries .

Wrong boundary	Return of the Legend	of the Legend 	MISC	MISC	The fight , Duran 's first on home soil for 10 years , is being billed here as the " Return of the Legend " and Duran still talks as if he was in his prime .

Wrong boundary	Dietmar Kuehbauer	Kuehbauer 	PER	PER	SK Rapid 's Dietmar Kuehbauer , who gave an impressive performance , said the team started off well but let the game slip after the first 30 minutes .

Wrong type	Mauritania	Mauritania	LOC	ORG	Mauritania 's soccer federation dissolved the national team and suspended this season 's domestic championship on Saturday in the wake of the country 's failure to qualify for the African Nations ' Cup .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	U.S. - Joe-Max Moore ( 3rd minute , 88th on penalty kick ) , Eric Wynalda ( 61st )

Wrong type	Corentine Martins		PER	O	Deportivo started strongly , taking the lead midway through the first half when former Auxerre playmaker Corentine Martins headed home a corner after a flick-on by Brazilian-born Spanish international midfielder Donato .

Wrong boundary	Gazzetta dello Sport	Gazzetta dello	ORG	ORG	The Gazzetta dello Sport said the deal would cost Atalanta around $ 600,000 .

Wrong type	DWYER		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - LYNAGH SEALS VICTORY OVER DWYER AND LEICESTER .

Wrong boundary	Rad ( B )	Rad ( B	ORG	ORG	Rad ( B ) 4 1 1 2 2 3 4

Wrong boundary	A. Mullally	A.	PER	PER	Did Not Bat : A. Mullally .

Wrong boundary	TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT	TROFEJ	MISC	MISC	BASKETBALLSOCCER - TROFEJ BEOGRAD TOURNAMENT RESULTS .

Wrong type	Mamatuyev		PER	O	Mamatuyev joked that his sister Lisa was a rebel too , and she responded by grabbing hold of his gun and shouting the Chechen war cry " Allahu Akhbar " ( God is Greatest ) and " Freedom for Chechnya ! "

Wrong boundary	Dutch	Dutch criminal investigation	MISC	MISC	We have also found and arrested her aunt and companion , " said a spokeswoman of the Dutch criminal investigation service .

Wrong boundary	Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation	Volunteers ' International Organisation 	ORG	ORG	Nyerere was due to be presented with an " Artisans for Peace " prize by the Lay Volunteers ' International Organisation on Sunday .

Wrong boundary	Offshore Data Services	Offshore Data	ORG	ORG	There were 162 rigs under contract in the U.S. Gulf as of August 30 , down one from the prior week , Offshore Data Services said .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Automakers , U.S. agency plan air bag safety ads .

Wrong type	Springboks		ORG	O	Mehrtens missed three further penalties and a conversion in the first 40 minutes which could have put his side ahead , but it was the Springboks who looked the more dangerous .

Wrong type	MAURITANIA	MAURITANIA	LOC	ORG	SOCCER - MAURITANIA DRAW WITH BENIN IN AFRICAN NATIONS CUP .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	ORG	Federal Reserve governor Lawrence Lindsey , speaking on U.S. cable television network CNBC , said the U.S. economy appears on balance to be a bit strong , adding the central bank would not curb growth provided inflation remains in check .

Wrong type	Radio Red		ORG	O	Radio Red quoted local police in the town of Tacambaro , Michoacan , 80 km ( 50 miles ) south of the state capital Morelia , as saying 40 to 50 armed men attacked the convoy .

Wrong type	Thatcher		PER	O	Ingram was quoted as telling the newspaper he thought astrology was " a load of rubbish " and that he could not recall asking Orr to keep a watch on Thatcher 's stars .

Wrong boundary	Central Clinical Hospital	Central Clinical	LOC	LOC	Naina Yeltsin is recovering in Moscow 's Central Clinical Hospital , where the president himself was treated twice last year for heart attacks .

Wrong type	Nasdaq		MISC	O	Nasdaq Stock symbol HMGT

Wrong type	Liege	Liege	LOC	MISC	" There is no trace so far , the enquiry is continuing , " a Liege police official told Reuters .

Wrong type	Rwanda	Rwanda	LOC	MISC	Many of the 1.1 million Rwandan Hutu refugees in Zaire and nearly 600,000 in Tanzania refuse to go home , saying they fear reprisals for the 1994 genocide in Rwanda of up to a million people by Hutus .

Wrong boundary	Federal Republic of Yugoslavia	Yugoslavia 	LOC	LOC	The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is the only country of the former Yugoslavia where Poles currently require visas .

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	ORG	The fifth set stayed on serve until the sixth game , when Washington , after saving one break point with a forehand winner down the line , netted a backhand to give O'Brien a 4-2 lead .

Wrong type	Washington	Washington	PER	ORG	The hard-serving O'Brien , a former U.S. collegiate national champion , fired up 17 aces to ultimately subdue the never-say-die Washington .

Wrong type	Lotte	Lotte	ORG	PER	Hyundai 6 Lotte 5

Wrong type	America		LOC	O	Granma called " Sleeping Bread " Puig 's " greatest gift to the modern novel in our America . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Chicago	Chicago area	LOC	MISC	A separate report from Chicago area purchasing managers underlined the strength in manufacturing as the group 's barometer of manufacturing in the region jumped to 60 in August from 51.2 in July .

Wrong type	UNITED STATES	UNITED STATES	LOC	ORG	UNITED STATES - Prices of U.S. Treasury securities were trading sharply lower near midday after a surprisingly strong Chicago Purchasing Managers ' report shook the markets ahead of the long Labour Day weekend .

Wrong boundary	France-registered	France-registered printed	MISC	MISC	Shares of France-registered printed packaging company Cofinec S.A. plunged sharply on the Budapest Stock Exchange ( BSE ) on Friday , despite a mostly reassuring forecast by the group .

Wrong boundary	All Black	All	ORG	ORG	A quick penalty from Van der Westhuizen five metres from the All Black line set up the third try for Venter five minutes later and when Joubert kicked his third penalty the Springboks held an unassailable 32-8 lead going into the last quarter .

Wrong boundary	U.S. Open	U.S.	MISC	MISC	Fernandez was forced to withdraw from the U.S. Open .

Wrong type	Cotti	Cotti	PER	LOC	Cotti said Chechnya must remain part of Russia , but the solution to the conflict would be to accord the region maximum autonomy within Russia 's borders .

Wrong type		Bunds	O	PER	GERMANY - Bunds extended losses , flirting with session lows after falling victim to sharply higher U.S. economic data which revived fears that interest rates may soon turn higher .

Wrong type	Farrakhan		PER	O	... The view of the U.S. government on ( Farrakhan 's ) not accepting any gifts from Libya is well-known . "

Wrong boundary	United States	United	LOC	LOC	U.S. Agriculture Department officials said Friday that Mexican avocados -- which are restricted from entering the continental United States -- will not likely be entering U.S. markets any time soon , even if the controversial ban were lifted today .

Wrong type	North	North	LOC	ORG	The domestic Yonhap news agency said the South Korean government would consider the northern demand only if the North accepted Seoul 's requests , which include regular reunions of families split by the Korean War .

Wrong boundary	Brazilian-born Spanish	Spanish 	MISC	MISC	Deportivo started strongly , taking the lead midway through the first half when former Auxerre playmaker Corentine Martins headed home a corner after a flick-on by Brazilian-born Spanish international midfielder Donato .

Wrong type	Air Force		ORG	O	In addition to the 158 F / A-18 , F-14 and other fighter planes on the aircraft carriers Vinson and Enterprise , the Air Force air expeditionary force of 30 to 40 F-15 and F-16 fighter planes and fuel tankers is ready to fly from three U.S. bases in the United States , they said .

Wrong type	Leicester	Leicester	ORG	LOC	Saracens 25 Leicester 23

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co	Driefontein Consolidated and	ORG	LOC	At least 17 miners have been killed in labour unrest -- sparked by ethnic differences -- at Driefontein Consolidated and Gold Fields ' Kloof Gold Mining Co this month .

Wrong type	Jordan	Jordan	PER	ORG	" He developed techniques of guerilla warfare later copied by independence movements around the world , from Mao Tse-Tung in China to Yitzak Shamir in Israel , " Jordan said .

Wrong type	U.S.	U.S.	LOC	MISC	The 23,000 U.S. military people already in the Gulf consist of 15,000 sailors and Marines , 6,000 U.S. servicemen based primarily in Saudi Arabia and 2,000 U.S. troops in the area for military exercises .

Wrong boundary	Heriot 's F.P.	Heriot	ORG	ORG	Currie 45 Heriot 's F.P. 5

Wrong type	Rasa		PER	O	Antonella Bellutti ( Italy ) 3:32.174 caught and eliminated Rasa

Wrong boundary	James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols	James Leander ( Leo	PER	PER	His death came five weeks after James Leander ( Leo ) Nichols , a close friend of Suu Kyi and Danish honorary consul , died while serving a prison term at Insein .

Wrong boundary	Peking Protocol	Peking	MISC	MISC	1901 - In China , the Boxer Rising which attempted to drive out all foreigners officially ended with the signing of the Peking Protocol .

Wrong boundary	Alberto Garcia Aspe	Alberto Garcia	PER	PER	Mexico - 1 - Osvaldo Sanchez ( 12 - Alfonso Rios 78th ) ; 13 - Pavel Pardo , 2 - Claudio Suarez , 5 - Duilio Davino ( Becerril 46th ) , 4 - German Villa ( 16 - Gomez 86th ) ; 14 - Joaquin del Olmo , 6 - Raul Rodrigo Lara ( 11 - Cuauhtemoc Blanco 65th ) , 8 - Alberto Garcia Aspe , 7 - Ramon Ramirez ( 15 - Jesus Arellano 71st ) ; 18 - Enrique Alfaro ( 17 - Francisco Palencia 78th ) , 10 - Luis Garcia ( 19 - Ricardo Pelaez 69th ) .

Wrong boundary	Greater Milwaukee Open	Milwaukee Open 	MISC	MISC	Nolan Henke fired a nine-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the $ 1.2 million Greater Milwaukee Open Thursday as 20-year-old Tiger Woods shot 67 in his professional debut .

Wrong boundary	North American	American 	MISC	MISC	The acquisition will beef up Markham , Ontario-based Magna 's North American car and truck seating business , allowing it to better compete with Johnson Controls Inc and Lear Corp .

Wrong type	Nantes	Nantes	ORG	LOC	This allowed Djorkaeff to play further up and his cross from the right fell for Ouedec , who has joined Espanyol of Barcelona from Nantes since missing the European championship finals through injury , to score after a mistake by midfielder Joaquin del Olmo .

Wrong type	Belarus	Belarus	LOC	MISC	The speaker of the Belarus parliament , Semyon Sharetsky , told Reuters that a draft constitution , due to be put to a national referendum on November 7 , would dangerously increase the powers of the ruler .

Wrong type	Irani	Irani	PER	LOC	7-0-32-0 , Irani 2-0-22-0 , Croft 8-0-37-2 , Hollioake 6.5-1-23-4 .

Wrong type	Lotte	Lotte	ORG	PER	Note - Lotte and Hyundai , Haitai and Samsung played two games .

Wrong type	Tutsi	Tutsi	MISC	ORG	The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned the coup by retired Tutsi major Pierre Buyoya and for the first time said in a resolution it intended to pressure Buyoya into unconditional negotiations with all parties and factions " without exception " .

Wrong type		targest	O	MISC	The understandings forbid firing from or at civilian targest but do not rule out guerrilla attacks on Israeli troops and their local militia allies in south Lebanon .

Wrong type	National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign		ORG	O	Janet Dewey , executive director of the industry-funded National Automobile Occupant Protection Campaign , said most of the injuries to children occurred because they were not wearing seatbelts .

Wrong type		Major	O	MISC	Major league ERA leader Kevin Brown threw an eight-hitter and Devon White 's RBI double snapped a fifth-inning tie as the Florida Marlins beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-1 for their seventh straight win Friday .

Wrong type	Federal Reserve		ORG	O	Rumors circulated that the Federal Reserve was buying five-year notes , and that a renowned hedge fund manager was buying 10-year notes in the cash markets .

Wrong boundary	Sleeping Bread	Sleeping	MISC	MISC	Granma called " Sleeping Bread " Puig 's " greatest gift to the modern novel in our America . "

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Hen Vipheak	Hen	PER	ORG	Sihanouk promised an amnesty to Hen Vipheak , along with fellow KNP member and journalist Chan Rattana , who was released after serving a week of a year-long jail term in June .

Wrong type	O'BRIEN		PER	O	TENNIS - TARANGO , O'BRIEN SPRING TWIN UPSETS UNDER THE LIGHTS .

Wrong type		equity strategist	O	PER	chief equity strategist . "

Wrong boundary	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM	NFL AMERICAN	ORG	ORG	NFL AMERICAN FOOTBALL-RANDALL CUNNINGHAM RETIRES .

Wrong boundary + wrong type	Intelligent Network	Intelligent	MISC	ORG	The order included AXE switching equipment , ISDN equipment , Intelligent Network ( IN ) products , broad-band multi-media communication network products , services and training , Ericsson spokesman Per Zetterquist told Reuters .

Wrong type	Moslem		MISC	O	that up to 75 Moslem men are believed to be approaching Mahala , " NATO spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Max Marriner said in Sarajevo .

Wrong type		nondurables	O	MISC	Orders for nondurables jumped 1.8 percent following a 1.2 percent decrease in June .

Wrong boundary	European	European tour	MISC	MISC	Spanish first division team Deportivo Coruna will be without key midfielder Mauro Silva for Saturday 's game with Real Madrid after FIFA , soccer 's world governing body , suspended the Brazilian for one game for missing his national side 's European tour .

Wrong type	Ancell	Ancell	PER	ORG	" I think Boatmen 's was shopping itself , and everybody knew if you wanted to be the winning buyer here , you had to make the bid nobody would beat , " Ancell said .

Wrong type	Reaser	Reaser	PER	ORG	Reaser said strong consumer confidence coupled with relatively lean inventories were providing manufacturers with a reason to gear up production .

Wrong type	UNITED NATIONS	UNITED NATIONS	ORG	MISC	UNITED NATIONS 1996-08-29

Wrong boundary	Scottish National Party	Scottish National	ORG	ORG	Conservatives have only 10 of the 72 Scottish seats in parliament and consistently run third in opinion polls in Scotland behind Labour and the independence-seeking Scottish National Party .

Wrong type	Minsk Group		ORG	O	Interfax said the discussions were being held in parallel with peace talks mediated by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) and the broad-based Minsk Group of countries led by Russia and Finland .

Wrong type	Islamic		MISC	O	More than 960 people have been killed in the armed struggle the Gama'a launched in 1992 to topple President Hosni Mubarak 's government and establish a purist Islamic state in its place

Wrong type	Viljoen	Viljoen	PER	ORG	According to state television , Viljoen told the news conference the self-rule model should be introduced in parts of the Northern Cape provinces where a majority of people -- whites and mixed-race Coloureds -- speak Afrikaans .

Wrong type	SPRINGBOKS		ORG	O	RUGBY UNION - SPRINGBOKS FINALLY BREAK ALL BLACK SPELL .

Wrong boundary	China 	SKR China	LOC	ORG	Ericsson says wins 1.2 bln SKR China order .

Wrong type	Jansher	Jansher	PER	ORG	My biggest problem against Jansher is concentration .

Wrong type	Newbridge		ORG	O	Treorchy 17 Newbridge 23

Wrong type	Thatcher		PER	O	Orr said Thatcher 's press secretary Bernard Ingram asked her to telephone if she saw any threatening indications in the future .

Wrong type	U.N.	U.N.	ORG	MISC	" We expect the international community to take a clear and firm position , based on international law and in accordance with U.N. resolutions , against all such Israeli violations and illegal practices , " he said .

Wrong type	Pinas		PER	O	Brunswijk , 35 , denied the charge and reached an agreement with Pinas after replacing a golden necklace lost in the scuffle .

Wrong type		usurp	O	MISC	" Israel could not confront a united Arab stand or usurp their rights because the Arab rights could be regained when they achieve unity and solidarity , " Damascus radio said .

Wrong boundary	Air France	France 	ORG	ORG	France on Friday expelled another African man seized in a police raid on a Paris church as about 100 Air France workers denounced " charters of shame " used to fly illegal immigrants home .

Wrong type		euphemism	O	ORG	Wang was arrested in the east China city of Hangzhou by security officers who told the dissident 's family he would be sent to a study class -- a euphemism for coercive ideological reform .

